Interest was expressed in all of the organisational aspects of home care including nursing, equipment loans and the volunteer programme.
Many people say that sex is most fulfilling when it expresses the commitment, care, security and understanding of an exclusive friendship.
AI has appealed to Brazilian parliamentarians expressing its concern over the moves to reinstate the death penalty.
In its appeal AI also expressed dismay at reports that Iraqi Kurds who returned to Arbil in northern Iraq following a government announcement of an amnesty for Kurds on 5 April were arbitrarily arrested, summarily executed or subjected to forms of cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment.
Nowadays, impartiality need not be expressed quite so crudely, and a look at any group's case load will show that a balance is always maintained.
For the latter he quoted a sentence by Lucian, the second-century Greek rhetorician: ‘A work of art requires an intelligent spectator who must go beyond the pleasure of the eyes to express a judgement and to argue the reasons for what he sees.’
Writing as he was in the 1930s, he expressed his pleasure at the extensive documentation and reference material available to the student of art, instancing the growth of libraries and art historical teaching.
He is looking for that quality which you must allow me to call ‘modernity’; for I know of no better word to express the idea I have in mind.
In his review for the Salon of 1846, Baudelaire wrote: ‘To say Romanticism is to say modern art — that is spirituality, colour, aspiration towards the infinite, expressed by every means available to the arts.’
This places a critic in a privileged position, but also with a responsibility to make clear whether views expressed are those of the critic or those of the artist.
More and more the struggle to express it intensified.
This exhibition of ‘degenerate art’ in Munich showed Abstract and Constructivist paintings which were stated to express ‘total madness’and the ‘height of degeneracy’.
the figure is much destroyed from the waist down; but the noble torso, and especially the head, express that compassion and humility which is the great achievement of Buddhist art.’
Eternal values can also be sought in art, as they were by the French art historian Élie Faure, whose open mind accepted disparate arts, a view which he expressed like this: ‘It is  not paradoxical at all to affirm that an Ivory Coast mask and the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel express the same need to manifest a harmonious rapport which exists between mankind and the universe.’
An extremist view expressed by a twentieth-century artist is what Matisse had to say about his responses to murals by Giotto.
However, if biographies of artists are carefully examined, it will be found that they do not necessarily contain much art criticism at all; a biographer may prefer not to express personal views about the artist's work; a book's main thrust may be to describe the artist's own aims and ideas.
Yet I know of no picture in which the mid-day heat of Midsummer is so admirably expressed; and were not the eye refreshed by the shade thrown over a great part of the foreground by some young trees, that border the road, and the cool blue of water near it, one would wish, in looking at it, for a parasol, as Fuseli wished for an umbrella when standing before one of Constable's showers.
A decline of the sculptor's reputation derived not only from the political discredit into which the regimes of the years before 1914 had fallen, but also from a distaste for allegory, and a revulsion from naturalist sculpture (which the young Brancusi expressed forcefully as a dislike for ‘beefsteak’).
Private collections are examples of critical judgement in action, so that both their catalogues and the opinions expressed by collectors are worth consideration.
David was greatly encouraged by this warm admiration expressed by a celebrated man, and it helped to develop his talent.
There must also have been readers who were led to reflect on Othello's self-righteous murder of Desdemona, and to reflect that Shakespeare's play expresses a view of mixed marriages which is both encouraging and discouraging.
This brings with it the corollary that it is not always apparent whether the beliefs he expresses are Ackroyd's or those of the writer to whom he is exposed, or both.
The second half of this can be seen to coincide with the opinion of Chatterton which is expressed by Ackroyd's Wilde: ‘a strange, slight boy who was so prodigal of his genius that he attached the names of others to it.’
The book says that Eliot's truest poetry was a form of plagiarism, in the benign sense that ‘it was only in response to other poetry that Eliot  could express his own deepest feelings’.
Patrician insolence has quite often appeared to express a perception of the activities of the levelling Labour governments which have come and gone since 1945.
There may be a matter of principle here for some of those who wish their authors to be concealed: such authors should not sound like the characters they invent, any more than they should express opinions.
I don't think this means that there is no saying what he is getting at in these  works; opinions can and will be formed, and for the extent of the present discussion I have been attempting to express one.
The caveats expressed in The Counterlife apply to all occasions when, in whatever genre or style, autobiography imposes itself upon, overwrites, the world.
The measure expresses a mean between saving and lashing-out, and it has remained a feature of my own Scots-Irish domestic economy which I would bet is widespread in northern parts.
The point is that they are  all vital young men with love on their minds, full of colourful words to express their feelings, and all are within the range of the eighteen to twenty-five year old student actor.
He speaks with really quite a small vocabulary which suggests he is unused to expressing himself eloquently.
The piece requires delicacy, to express the real awfulness she senses in her life.
I wish to express my sincerest thanks to ‘all those taking part’, and for giving me their time.
The annual meetings of the churches' central bodies are a forum for religious political debate and have been known to express tensions between the values of the majority Northern and minority Southern protestants.
These express the beliefs of law and order, and justice and freedom, hegemonic beliefs necessary for both citizen and state in any society aspiring to some model of equality.
The general data presented by Cox are undeniable, but interpretation of the data rests on certain assumptions, principally that people act on an individualistic basis rather than as groups, and according to attitudes expressed in the quiet of their homes rather than in response to major events.
Again, this view is related to Pius XI's, as expressed in Divini Illius Magistri : ‘The family holds directly from the Creator the mission and hence the rights to educate the offspring, a right inalienable because inseparably joined to the strict obligation, a right anterior to any right whatever of civil society and of the State…’(1929: 14).
They were both cases expressing the consensus of politician and priest.
The new Ireland must be a society within which, subject only to public order, all cultural, political and religious beliefs can be freely expressed and practised.’
They also expressed reservations over the concept of minority rights: ‘Britain, for example, does not allow polygamy even though certain of its citizens accept it from their religious convictions’(Irish Episcopal Conference 1984: 18).
But usually the opposite is the case and popular protestant support for integration is expressed.
I cannot express what a privilege it has been transcribing it and entering your very mind and spirit in the throes of creativity, as it were.
With them have gone much of the outrageously condescending theorising expressed by professionals such as Watney Mann's head designer Roy Wilson-Smith, who declared in the early 70s:
If the pub as an institution expresses itself in a rich variety of ways, the same is true of the physical forms it takes.
Colonel Feather had then expressed a worry that children could easily reach over and scoop up a fingerful of frosting, perhaps spoiling someone's chances, so he and Mr Doran — the latter complaining mightily about his lumbago — had moved the cakes to the back of the table.
What is remarkable is the extent to which she was able nonetheless to express intelligent analysis and genuine commitment even when working through apparently tame generic materials for Rank.
I have used the cinema as a weapon, as a medium to express my views’.
This is an opportunity for anyone with an interest in film and television for young people to express their views on the current programmes and films available.
He expressed the hope that my presence would ‘give a boost to the standing of art history in the school’, but unfortunately that wish was pie in the sky.
He shared his pupils' impatience with the history side but he was far too polite ever to express this prejudice in my presence — and he was pleased that there was somebody else in the department who was prepared to cover  that part of the teaching.
