Interest was expressed in all of the organisational aspects of home care including nursing, equipment loans and the volunteer programme.
Many people say that sex is most fulfilling when it expresses the commitment, care, security and understanding of an exclusive friendship.
AI has appealed to Brazilian parliamentarians expressing its concern over the moves to reinstate the death penalty.
In its appeal AI also expressed dismay at reports that Iraqi Kurds who returned to Arbil in northern Iraq following a government announcement of an amnesty for Kurds on 5 April were arbitrarily arrested, summarily executed or subjected to forms of cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment.
Nowadays, impartiality need not be expressed quite so crudely, and a look at any group's case load will show that a balance is always maintained.
For the latter he quoted a sentence by Lucian, the second-century Greek rhetorician: ‘A work of art requires an intelligent spectator who must go beyond the pleasure of the eyes to express a judgement and to argue the reasons for what he sees.’
Writing as he was in the 1930s, he expressed his pleasure at the extensive documentation and reference material available to the student of art, instancing the growth of libraries and art historical teaching.
He is looking for that quality which you must allow me to call ‘modernity’; for I know of no better word to express the idea I have in mind.
In his review for the Salon of 1846, Baudelaire wrote: ‘To say Romanticism is to say modern art — that is spirituality, colour, aspiration towards the infinite, expressed by every means available to the arts.’
This places a critic in a privileged position, but also with a responsibility to make clear whether views expressed are those of the critic or those of the artist.
More and more the struggle to express it intensified.
This exhibition of ‘degenerate art’ in Munich showed Abstract and Constructivist paintings which were stated to express ‘total madness’and the ‘height of degeneracy’.
the figure is much destroyed from the waist down; but the noble torso, and especially the head, express that compassion and humility which is the great achievement of Buddhist art.’
Eternal values can also be sought in art, as they were by the French art historian Élie Faure, whose open mind accepted disparate arts, a view which he expressed like this: ‘It is  not paradoxical at all to affirm that an Ivory Coast mask and the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel express the same need to manifest a harmonious rapport which exists between mankind and the universe.’
An extremist view expressed by a twentieth-century artist is what Matisse had to say about his responses to murals by Giotto.
However, if biographies of artists are carefully examined, it will be found that they do not necessarily contain much art criticism at all; a biographer may prefer not to express personal views about the artist's work; a book's main thrust may be to describe the artist's own aims and ideas.
Yet I know of no picture in which the mid-day heat of Midsummer is so admirably expressed; and were not the eye refreshed by the shade thrown over a great part of the foreground by some young trees, that border the road, and the cool blue of water near it, one would wish, in looking at it, for a parasol, as Fuseli wished for an umbrella when standing before one of Constable's showers.
A decline of the sculptor's reputation derived not only from the political discredit into which the regimes of the years before 1914 had fallen, but also from a distaste for allegory, and a revulsion from naturalist sculpture (which the young Brancusi expressed forcefully as a dislike for ‘beefsteak’).
Private collections are examples of critical judgement in action, so that both their catalogues and the opinions expressed by collectors are worth consideration.
David was greatly encouraged by this warm admiration expressed by a celebrated man, and it helped to develop his talent.
There must also have been readers who were led to reflect on Othello's self-righteous murder of Desdemona, and to reflect that Shakespeare's play expresses a view of mixed marriages which is both encouraging and discouraging.
This brings with it the corollary that it is not always apparent whether the beliefs he expresses are Ackroyd's or those of the writer to whom he is exposed, or both.
The second half of this can be seen to coincide with the opinion of Chatterton which is expressed by Ackroyd's Wilde: ‘a strange, slight boy who was so prodigal of his genius that he attached the names of others to it.’
The book says that Eliot's truest poetry was a form of plagiarism, in the benign sense that ‘it was only in response to other poetry that Eliot  could express his own deepest feelings’.
Patrician insolence has quite often appeared to express a perception of the activities of the levelling Labour governments which have come and gone since 1945.
There may be a matter of principle here for some of those who wish their authors to be concealed: such authors should not sound like the characters they invent, any more than they should express opinions.
I don't think this means that there is no saying what he is getting at in these  works; opinions can and will be formed, and for the extent of the present discussion I have been attempting to express one.
The caveats expressed in The Counterlife apply to all occasions when, in whatever genre or style, autobiography imposes itself upon, overwrites, the world.
The measure expresses a mean between saving and lashing-out, and it has remained a feature of my own Scots-Irish domestic economy which I would bet is widespread in northern parts.
The point is that they are  all vital young men with love on their minds, full of colourful words to express their feelings, and all are within the range of the eighteen to twenty-five year old student actor.
He speaks with really quite a small vocabulary which suggests he is unused to expressing himself eloquently.
The piece requires delicacy, to express the real awfulness she senses in her life.
I wish to express my sincerest thanks to ‘all those taking part’, and for giving me their time.
The annual meetings of the churches' central bodies are a forum for religious political debate and have been known to express tensions between the values of the majority Northern and minority Southern protestants.
These express the beliefs of law and order, and justice and freedom, hegemonic beliefs necessary for both citizen and state in any society aspiring to some model of equality.
The general data presented by Cox are undeniable, but interpretation of the data rests on certain assumptions, principally that people act on an individualistic basis rather than as groups, and according to attitudes expressed in the quiet of their homes rather than in response to major events.
Again, this view is related to Pius XI's, as expressed in Divini Illius Magistri : ‘The family holds directly from the Creator the mission and hence the rights to educate the offspring, a right inalienable because inseparably joined to the strict obligation, a right anterior to any right whatever of civil society and of the State…’(1929: 14).
They were both cases expressing the consensus of politician and priest.
The new Ireland must be a society within which, subject only to public order, all cultural, political and religious beliefs can be freely expressed and practised.’
They also expressed reservations over the concept of minority rights: ‘Britain, for example, does not allow polygamy even though certain of its citizens accept it from their religious convictions’(Irish Episcopal Conference 1984: 18).
But usually the opposite is the case and popular protestant support for integration is expressed.
I cannot express what a privilege it has been transcribing it and entering your very mind and spirit in the throes of creativity, as it were.
With them have gone much of the outrageously condescending theorising expressed by professionals such as Watney Mann's head designer Roy Wilson-Smith, who declared in the early 70s:
If the pub as an institution expresses itself in a rich variety of ways, the same is true of the physical forms it takes.
Orient Express dessert from Kaysens
ORIENT Express is an Oriental-style dessert designed to complement Eastern cuisine.
Orient Express comes frozen and takes between 15 and 30 minutes to defrost.
Food from Britain, the Meat and Livestock Commission, Milk Marketing Board and Express Foodservice sponsored the competition.
The Daily Express had arrived in his absence and its front page confirmed what he had already heard from Mrs Pettifer up at the Manor.
Sergeant Bramble was so engrossed in mouthing along with the Daily Express that he did not notice the opening of the door.
We just have to hope your aristocracy don't read the Daily Express .
Of course that nice Mr Hoskins at the Express was in on our secret.’
Had an enemy completely unknown to Peggy travelled to the fête in Little Tuckett with the express purpose of bumping off the fulsome Phipps?
Colonel Feather had then expressed a worry that children could easily reach over and scoop up a fingerful of frosting, perhaps spoiling someone's chances, so he and Mr Doran — the latter complaining mightily about his lumbago — had moved the cakes to the back of the table.
What is remarkable is the extent to which she was able nonetheless to express intelligent analysis and genuine commitment even when working through apparently tame generic materials for Rank.
I have used the cinema as a weapon, as a medium to express my views’.
Adrian Metcalfe began his career in journalism as a news reporter with the Sunday Express.
BBC Pebble Mill Monday 23 September 7.00pm David Lodge's novels include CHANGING PLACES (1975), SMALL WORLD, shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1984 and NICE WORK, Sunday Express Book of the Year in 1988, and also shortlisted for the Booker Prize.
This is an opportunity for anyone with an interest in film and television for young people to express their views on the current programmes and films available.
He expressed the hope that my presence would ‘give a boost to the standing of art history in the school’, but unfortunately that wish was pie in the sky.
He shared his pupils' impatience with the history side but he was far too polite ever to express this prejudice in my presence — and he was pleased that there was somebody else in the department who was prepared to cover  that part of the teaching.
I honestly can't for the life of me figure out how to express the rest so I hope you'll forgive me if I stop here.
The Town & Country Garden exhibited by the Sunday Express in association with BBC Gardeners' World Magazine at the Royal Show can be seen again this month.
The Town & Country Garden exhibited by the Sunday Express in association with BBC Gardeners' World Magazine at the Royal Show can be seen again this month.
I have this neatly weeping tree in my own garden, its serried mass of pink flowers in spring followed in autumn by a profusion of dark red berries, and the avian population has expressed its approval.
Sex is a natural way of expressing human feelings but sometimes there are risks, including the possibility of catching a sexually transmitted disease — for example gonorrhoea, syphilis or chlamydia.
Concern also continues to be expressed in some quarters over the increasingly authoritarian attitudes and methodology which surrounds some police practices and there is a commensurate fear about the growth in policing and the exercise of their extensive powers, which look set to become increasingly centralized and wieldy.
However, a colleague looking at these OSUs in relation to their cultural impact, saw there were many aspects of a qualitative nature which could not easily be expressed in fiscal terms (Adams 1988: 11):
with one exception, all [scholars]contacted have expressed strongly that the service did not appear to see the practical relevance of university training, did not know how to exploit the benefits gained by the individual and in many cases showed noticeable coolness to those who were part of it.
c) If it is considered imperative that such privileged information should be included on the paper and which [sic ]falls within the terms of the concern expressed above, then the whole should be submitted for approval by a Chief Officer…who will give a ruling as to its use and circulation.
Furthermore, as these college-based insiders stress, their essays do not represent police college views or those of the Home Office; and both Thackrah (1985) and his publisher, James Tindall, take pains to ensure from the outset that we are aware than any views expressed in the book are ‘those of individual contributors, and not those of the college, the Home Office, or [even]the police service’.
Each link in the chain expressed a perceived correct place and tied this into an all-encompassing behavioural ideology which in turn determined our action.
‘Civilians’ you know well can walk past in the street without recognition, for although the uniform itself is apparent it is a forceful barrier, expressing a demonstrative separation between the culture of control and the individuality of the controlled.
While nothing had been expressed it was fine, but words bloody words and a self-conscious constraint was thrust upon them.
Referees use various signals and japanese phrases to express their judgement.
The likelihood of their serving at home or oversea —‘Were you not aware of the government's express assurance on the latter point?’
It is best expressed in the admonition ‘To act nobly, to speak purely, and to think charitably,’ and nothing exemplifies Leonard's deepest nature than this triune pattern, then and now.
Leonard recently referred to the memory of his father as ‘a dark mass or mountain,’ of which, clearly, the details were too painful for the young boy to register or the adult to express.
Leonard found this hard to stomach, and frequently expressed himself vehemently against his professor's defences of the founder of Imagism (which advocated free rhythm as well as concreteness of expression in poetry); and against his disdainful, if teasing, comments of those who came from Westmount.
Pacey grasps the matter more perceptively when he says, categorically, ‘he does not take refuge in the ambiguity of myths, but expresses with engaging candour and simplicity his own personal response to experience.’
It was this work, along with the subsequent brilliance of his public performances, that created his reputation as ‘Canada's leading young poet’: ‘His virtues are his own, and they are considerable…at his best he expresses himself, sometimes whimsically, sometimes passionately, in speech which is beyond the capacity of mere formula to produce,’ commented Allan Donaldson at the time.
Professor Dudek, who had begun to express criticism rather than encouragement for the young poet, went on to speak of ‘an intellectual disorder (not only in politics, but in  morality and religion) which leads to a primitive mythological effort to organise chaos…(it) proceeds from a state of mind fundamentally disturbed, and bordering on the deeply neurotic or worse.’
But he clearly places Leonard within this group which, he held, ‘grasps at a confusion of symbolic images, often a ragbag of classical mythology, in the effort to organise a chaos too large for them to deal with in the light of reason,’ which in turn causes them to express ‘a sardonic bitterness in their social criticism, a realism without any utopian idealism to support it.’
His mind is replete with it, and no real understanding of it, as expressed in poetry or song, should omit it.
And we may see another reason for the ambiguity in Leonard: Ashkenazi Jews expressed themselves in Yiddish, which was not merely their language (resting on 16th-century Middle High German and many Slavic loan-words) but in a particular sense a reflection of their world, their universe.
Sephardic Jews, who are descended from Western Europe (Spain and Portugal; but also the Middle East and North Africa), expressed themselves through their own languages, but were always more ‘intellectual’, more philosophical — in the Aristotelian sense -more scientific and commercial, and more open to syncretism (e.g. with Islamic and Christian modes of thought) than their Eastern brethren.
But it was that cultural milieu , as expressed through the left-wing Federico Garçia Lorca, that Leonard reacted to and espoused in his youth!
For such, God only frowns on the world, and stirs it to judgment; the butterfly cannot break loose into flight; it merely expires, as Leonard expressed it, ending ‘its life in three flag-swept days.’
Perhaps nowhere else is the mood and tone of love more beautifully expressed than in his poem ‘Beneath My Hands’(The Spice-Box Of Earth ):
As Leonard expressed it in the poem which — in title and texture counterbalances the title of the book:
For this sentence to express something, ‘John’ must refer to a unique individual, but ‘tall’must express a feature that is general, that is, that many different things might possess.
This can be expressed in Hume's terms of the tendency of the mind to pass from one to the other, but one must be careful how one interprets such a tendency.
A philosophical theory is essentially a reflection on a practice, and the first-person perspective expresses engagement in the practice: to apply the theory first-personally is to confuse levels.
Well if that is the case, then this is just another way of expressing the holism of the mental.
Indeed, it is a common observation in experiments of this kind that subjects themselves often express confusion about what they are conscious of.
The converging conceptual worlds of computational theory and neuroscience are expressed in the huge and powerful ‘neural nets’ of parallel distributed processors and in the emergent science of cognitive neurobiology in which the brain  is approached as an immensely complex information processor (see Chapter 7).
It has been well expressed by the biologist Richard Dawkins:
I tried to shout like the two of them, but my cry came out strangled and distorted; I just couldn't express  my anger in English.
And we are discovering that we are not interested in exploring the finer points of alienation with tea cuppery, but that the theatre can be a bridge of bone between sickness and health — that our language will somehow always be on the edge of poetry and that image and metaphor are our natural tools — they best express whole worlds and histories in collision with each other.
We carry on with the gin, nobody paying any attention to my sentimental reminiscences, contradictory and literary as they are and unable to express my conflicting desire that England be an island in a timewarp and that the English behaved like Continentals.
Am I dreaming or is this the Orient Express of the inter-war years?
The head librarian expressed incredulity.
Boris Becker recently expressed the view that there was too much money in tennis and that it was ruining the game — a view of course that it is much easier to make objectively once you have £5m in the bank.
He has only expressed what a lot of other people have been starting to fear for a long time, that unless the commercial manipulators in tennis are careful, they could cook the golden goose.
I am writing to express my views about the Graf/Seles situation.
But Steffi fans will like to express their thanks and wish her well.
If there is a Will, the executor has the right to decide whether it will be a burial or a cremation, whether the Will expresses a particular wish or not.
Health Service Managers have been invited to express interest in joining the third wave of NHS Trusts, scheduled to come into operation on 1 April 1993.
The view is also expressed that personal care and welfare aspects cannot be divorced from financial and property matters, while it is recognised that proper safeguards are vital.
Sally Greengross, Director of Age Concern England, has written to British Telecom (BT) expressing concern about the likely effects on older people of the price rises announced on 1 August (see Information Circular, September 1991).
OFTEL had expressed the concern that the level of the deposit had amounted to ‘an effective denial of service to some customers’.
The ADC found that all of the 83 district councils responding to the survey expressed concern with the way in which the Secretary of State was implementing the legislation.
Older people were more likely to express satisfaction.
The three stages of the exercise are: examination of personal values of the participants; evaluation of existing services in the light of values expressed; and a focus on ways of changing services so that carers can have access to ‘valued lifestyles for themselves, as well as for the people they care for’.
Age Concern expressed reservations in its response to the Griffiths Review of Community Care that contracts for certain services might prove unprofitable to private sector providers after a few years, by which time District Health Authorities would have divested themselves of the resources to provide similar services.
Similar concern might be expressed for the continuation or development of geriatric and psychogeriatric services.
InterCity has its own clear identity, though the greatest achievements have perhaps been with Network SouthEast, where the tide has really turned, and in Provincial with its own increasing network of imaginative expresses often resulting from stringing several services together.
BR indeed continued to change the country's very geography, Gatwick suddenly becoming much closer to London with its Express every fifteen minutes, places like Peterborough and Swindon now almost as accessible as suburbs only fifteen miles away from Piccadilly.
In the decade's final timetable, there is an express     every 15 minutes (plus one extra) between Swindon and Paddington over a two-and-a-half-hour period in the morning rush.
Finally, a few guideline wishes for the 1990s: undoubtedly, first, that the Channel Tunnel will be completed without undue delay and that a new highspeed route will rapidly follow through Kent; that under their new chairman, Robert Reid the second, from Shell, due to take his post in October 1990, BR will somehow regain a touch of personality, warmth, humanity, without losing their commercial edge; that the policy of providing new and cheaperto-operate stock for secondary routes rather than handing down yesterday's worn-out express trains pays real dividends and prevents too much discussion of ‘bustitution’; and that defensive theory will give way to common-sense pragmatism over matters such as the quality of the printed timetable and what really benefits the customer.
No 87028 Lord President displays its InterCity livery while pausing at Carlisle with a southbound express on 27 August 1988.
The Gatwick Express was a good demonstration of how to create maximum impact with the minimum of resources, simply recycled Mark 2 coaches, a  rebuilt driving trailer from a scrap EMU, a spare Class 73 locomotive converted to push-pull, and a generous helping of new paint.
What was described as ‘modular catering’ or ‘Cuisine 2000’was introduced on expresses out of Euston.
Recently modified Class 4718 (with extended–range fuel tanks) No 47818 heads to Holyhead to Carlisle charter train, Victoria Travel's Settle–Carlisle Express, through Baron wood on 6 May 1989.
It is seen here, in an now historic view of York station, waiting to depart with the Scarborough Spa Express on 9 July 1986 .
EXPRESSES EVER FASTER
So Far as InterCity is concerned sector management has brought two major benefits: overall responsibility for deployment of its rolling stock fleet, and the building of a national range of express train products.
It was perfect for low-fare express coach services.
Finally, the Gatwick Express service between London (Victoria) and Gatwick Airport was launched by InterCity in May 1984 and has been a great success.
The trains to Brighton over this route brought echoes of the old Sunny South Express.
Class 73 Electro–diesel No 73120 leaves Gatwick propelling the 15.50 Express service to Victoria on 22 September 1986.
In 1980, luxury trains like the Royal Scotsman and the Venice Simplon Orient Express did not exist.
But in terms of luxury, elegance and sophistication, the Land Cruise was (and is) poles apart from the Venice Simplon Orient Express unleashed on an unsuspecting world in May 1982.
Reviving the classical grandeur of the railway carriage of Edwardian days, with all its silver-plated, lacetableclothed dining-car finery and mahogany-panelled parlour-car ambience, on the long-established route from London to Paris and Venice, the Orient Express was the brainchild of James Sherwood, head of the Sea Containers Group.
No 4767 George Stephenson and No 5407 double head the mountain Express over the S&C viaduct at Smardale, near Kirby Stephen in April 1981 .
Take-off and Gatwick Express.
The only opportunity for a large increase in revenue was thought to lie in the Gatwick Express non-stop service introduced in May, featuring air-conditioned stock on the half-hour journey from Victoria to Gatwick every fifteen minutes (and powered on a push-pull basis by Class 73 electro-diesels).
One of the locomotives (No 73123) was named Gatwick Express and turned out in a new livery to match the refurbished Mark 2 stock.
It was revealed when ‘Essex Express’ unit No 309605 was handed over on completion of refurbishment at Wolverton Works under a £17.5million contract in March.
Refurbished 4–Cep unit No 1585 in London an South East Express two–tone brown (jaffa cake) livery comes under the impressive signal–box at Canterbury West working as the 12.03 Margate to Charing Cross via Ashford on 23 September 1986.
Other internal Scottish Region expresses to Aberdeen and Inverness also became part of the Provincial empire, even though their carriages were still branded ‘InterCity’ for many years after sectorisation.
The next phase in the growth of the Provincial sector's services is the introduction of the new Class 158 units on the Sprinter Express routes.
On many other routes, trolleys have provided an ideal lowcost solution and today's timetable shows a good variety of trains, including many of Provincial's Sprinter expresses.
The production of Mark 3 vehicles, at first for the High Speed  Trains, began in 1975, but the proportion of even top-grade express trains composed of them in the early 1980s was stili small.
As for Provincial, if you were visiting an area in which you were not quite sure what to expect, you might find Mark 1 or 2 (the latter air conditioned or otherwise) locomotive-hauled rakes of various lengths and compositions, first-generation multiple units (anything from one to nine cars, riding roughly but still with forward and rear vision), or the latest Sprinters, plain, super or express, many with privately run buffet-trolley service on long cross-country journeys.
On the passenger side, interest in the 1990s will centre on Provincial's split between the highly successful Sprinter Express routes and the also-rans.
Standardisation has reached such a level that there are now only five main types of AC unit, the pre-1960 Southern Region-inspired slam-door units (Classes 302–8), express (Class  309), modern slam-door (Classes 310/312), Scotland/Manchester suburban sliding door (Classes 303/31 1), inner suburban sliding door (Classes 313–315), and modern outer-suburban based on the Mark 3 coach bodyshell (Classes 317–21).
InterCity's dedicated Victoria-Gatwick Express push-pull service launched in 1984 made little difference to domestic services, employing ex-LMR Mark 2f coaches formed into trailer sets with a 1959-type 2-HAP driving trailer  converted to a driving van at one end, and a Class 73 locomotive at the other.
The first Class 158 Provincial Express vehicle, No 158701, is unveiled at Derby Railway Technical Centre on 9 October 1989.
In it he expressed his own and his dancers' sheer enjoyment of ‘just dancing to music which cries out to be danced’.
To have heard Rachmaninov play hisown or any other Russian music or to listen to his orchestral works is to realise he was a passionate musician, loving his art and giving his all to express the joys and sorrows, the tender and brutal moods and all the emotions to which man is subject.
The moods and emotions of each were expressed in the first three movements.
A story ballet demands that the circumstances and events occurring as the plot unfolds will be seen to affect the lives and personalities of the characters involved and that dance and gesture will express moods' emotions and action.
such as solos or pas de deux in which dancers portray the character each represents by depicting mood, emotion and action, e.g. again in The Sleeping Beauty , the Four Princes express their admiration for Aurora and she returns their compliments in the Rose Adage.
This was first apparent in The Quest (1943) where the arabesques danced in many ways became the movement through which Una (danced by Margot Fonteyn) expressed the emotions aroused when she is assailed by the four false Knights and then her joy when rescued by St. George.
Choreographers wish to express themselves through dance because a story, theme or music has inspired them.
They also opened the eyes of the audience to the endless possibilities of expressing meaning through dance.
Dance movement in every form and style must be correctly parsed and expressed if it is to be clearly understood whether its message is simple, subtle, bold, comic or tragic.
Every choreographer must have a motive if he or she is to give proper thought, impetus and significance to the movements made by the dancers whether: they are telling a story; describing and/or expressing the thoughts behind a theme; or interpreting music either by expressing personal feelings about the melody and rhythm or by so framing the dance that it parallels the music and reveals its structure.
Lanchbery uses Chopin's poignant Andante Spinato to express Natalia's realisation that love has now escaped her.
Nevertheless the three dancers in Monotones are expressing their close relationship to each other and to the space in which they dance and above all to the flowing lines of the design and of the musical phrases.
It is a movement he has used many times and which is perhaps seen at its best in the pas de deux to the Meditation from Thai-s created for Anthony Dowell and Antoinette Sibley; in A Month in the Country when Natalia dances with the Tutor to express her emotions; and in Les Deux Pigeons in the final pas de deux , when the Young Man has returned to The Girl and tenderly dances with her in his arms (see page 83).
In other words they usually, ‘dance classically from their feet to the waist and above that are free to express themselves as people of more definite behaviour, work, play and age’(de Valois in a lecture to teachers, 1947).
It should describe how the characters, usually non-aristocratic or less educated, express moods, emotions and actions as they would in real life.
Here La Péri's ports de bras were flowing and sensual yet almost innocent in order to express the magical vision Askender, the poet, was seeing in his dream.
Ashton broke this all-but-written law and communicated the exotic atmosphere of the dream but there was little to express the passion of love, which he would later convey in such works as A Month in the Country .
The romantic style is the most poetic of all because its movements must express moods, emotions and actions that are reactions to the circumstances and events which surround and occur to characters during the unfolding of plot, theme or music
This style allowed other-worldly figures to express themselves more naturally than in classical ballet where technical precision and command over conventional gesture were necessary.
Fokine's advice to those wishing to create the romantic style of dance was much as fur demi-caractère when he said: ‘The choreographer should base his design on classical technique from the feet to the waist, but above that the dancer's head, body and arms must be free to express the moods, emotions and actions of the character in the story or theme to be communicated.’
If the dancers perform those gestures with feeling and understanding they will express the moods, emotions and actions of the characters they play.
A choreographer should translate this definition into dance terms thus: taking the moods, emotions and actions expressed, understood and observed by everyone in general and using natural gestures when applying the rules of choreographic grammar without trying to express them in any other way.
His two tiny gestures said everything and expressed the audience's understanding of the plot.
It is no longer the case that the romantic style means dancing classically from the feet to the waist and above that allowing the body, arms and head to express themselves to describe the moods, emotions and actions of the characters.
This particularly subtle quiver of the leg to express newly aroused emotion was first noticed in Ashton's The Two Pigeons when the Young Girl and her friends pretend to strut around like pigeons.
A comparison of Rudolf's apparently undisciplined emotions with the subtle feelings expressed by Bratfisch, his valet, shows how MacMillan creates some relief even within the decadence and horror.
These rules give the directions into which the head, body and arms should move when expressing certain moods, emotions and actions.
Instead, a particular style of dance is used through which the performers play strongly defined characters who express not only social status in a particular community but also moods, emotions and actions, which are alien to the calm spaciousness of classical dance.
This is probably the most difficult material to handle because the many characters and nationalities involved in the various available libretti must express themselves as distinctively as they do in real life and the choreographer must try and ensure his design has some semblance of reality if it is to communicate meaning.
No one stands out, although some emerge from the group in brief solos to express their personal sense of loss.
The exploration of what each part of the body can express in isolation and then in co-ordination with the rest is possibly the most important aspect of a choreographer's work if it seeks to be modern in spirit and technique.
Everything has to be expressed by movement alone, coloured by expression.
Some scepticism has been expressed by tenants as to whether independently judged rents will be significantly lower than those asked by brewers.
He has written to Marstons managing director Michael Hurdle, asking for a meeting to express the branch's concern.
Although agreeing in principle with the views expressed by Jim Perrin in his article ‘Range War’(May issue), I feel I must take issue with one or two of his conclusions, which I think require further examination.
Aggression may be caused by nagging pain, which your dog is unable to express to you, and which is soothed by acupuncture.
‘He expressed a rather sensible idea,’ said Stavrogin, ad yawned for the third time.
Her face expressed complete rapture.
Stepan reverses the news-from-Peshawar standpoint of the novel by wondering what ‘they’, those powerful officials in the metropolis, are thinking about ‘us’ and most especially about himself; the picture of Stepan Trofimovich Verkhovensky as a marked man because of the liberal views he held and very faintly expressed long ago, both frightens him and feeds his self-importance.
The extra energy not being allowed to be expressed as an increase in c appears as a commensurate increase in f, that is:(formula included) where m is the photon equivalent mass (yes I know it is related to E but I am trying not to confuse myself),E is the energy, and h is Mr Plank's claim to fame.
If this ratio is expressed  as a binary number and A is 128, the n0 selector contains least significant bits, n1 the next seven bits and n2 the MSBs.
The lower frequency expressed in Hz is that of a single ion type.
‘As far as the involvement of one of his tutors is concerned, this is purely surmise on his part, and was always expressed as such.
French  intellectual debates and revolutions are part of a specific history and culture, expressing their complex dynamics.
It is less easy, but more interesting, to try to understand why ancient radical doubts about the ability or language to express a genuine extra-linguistic reality have been revived in recent decades to the point where they seem to have achieved an almost popular appeal.
As early as 1921, the Newbolt Report, summarizing the evidence of  Professor Ernest de Sélincourt, expressed deep unease about the American approach to literary research:
It expresses a mystique, is to a high degree culture-specific, can seem elusive, and is not easily reduced to the rules and agreed procedures of other disciplines.
Despite the contempt expressed in the past for the American principle of ‘publish or perish’, British universities are more and more looking at volume of publication — otherwise, ‘performance indicators’— as a sign of virtue.
To express such thoughts is to feel oneself uncomfortably situated between opposed concepts of what a university is.
But if every work of art is simply the expression of the artist's intuition, it is evident that an absolute or complete pattern would be useless, since the intuitions of two different minds could never be expressed by the same form: nor can anything in art be said to have been ‘done once for all’, since if it were ‘done again’ by another hand — used, that is, to express the intuition of another spirit — it would be no longer what had been done before.
It consists of making categorical and systematic certain distinctions made, and preferences expressed, by Eliot in his essays; and then dismissing Pound merely because he writes with a measure of respect of certain writers (Swinburne is one example) on whom Eliot, the arbiter of taste, is supposed to have conclusively turned down his thumbs.
The very pages of his own magazine express the discernibly patronizing indulgence that it seems the American expatriate community extended to him.
I believe a close examination of his recorded opinions, and of the idiom in which those opinions were expressed (an idiom, even to the end, as much British as American), would show that Pound too was not insensible to the ideal of the aristocratic amateur in the arts, and was at least sometimes resentful, just as Yeats was, that political and socio-economic developments had made that attitude to the arts impracticable and sterile.
Unfortunately the tone in which they are expressed, and the language they are couched in, prevent our taking them in that way, and recall for us rather the heads of Auden's indictment: ‘lazy…too easily bored…persuaded beyond argument…’
After the four years of murderous deadlock on the Western Front — most of Canto 16 is concerned with that —‘Here we go again’ or ‘plus ça change’expressed a sentiment that was intolerable.
Allowing for the conventions of sedate amenity that governed American reviewing (as for the most part they still do), one can detect in the American reviewers of Eliot's Poems (1920) and of The Waste Land (1922) the same recalcitrance that the British reviewers expressed more cheekily.
A special pathos is achieved when the poetry acts out the predicament of people whose all too expert command of language debars them (paradoxically) from expressing a common human sorrow — mortality, the fear of it, and its conclusiveness — as limpidly as could Williams's ‘widow’.
This granted, it remains true, as anyone's experience of his own and others' speech-habits will confirm, that some English vowels are experienced and expressed as relatively long, others as relatively short.
Eliot seems to have ignored these suggestions because for him the physical and social landscape of London was no more than a screen on which to project a phantasmagoria that expressed his own personal disorders and desperations (partly sexual, as one might expect, and as the drafts make clear); whereas Pound seems to have supposed that the subject of the poem was London in all its historical and geographical actuality, much as the city of Dublin was from one point of view the subject of Joyce's Ulysses .
Rumens's play has similar concerns, though they are rather less delicately expressed.
British Department of Transport officials have expressed concern about the probable restrictions and urged ‘an open and free investment climate’.
It is the business of the head of the established church to express his worries about the state of the nation and the moral mood of the times.
The terrors which Mr Cash expresses about our future in the community have a familiar ring about them.
When Mr Prescott first backed off standing against Roy Hattersley for the deputy leadership last year, and then changed his mind and decided to contest it after all, Neil Kinnock expressed unrestrained irritation.
Just so might the exhausted arrogance of a dying empire have expressed itself on the lips of a Roman senator waving away the news of a ‘crackpot messiah’ among the Jews, and the strange thoughts that occur to people in Jerusalem or Galilee.
It does occur to Fukuyama that religion might have some sort of unease to express with all this, but he appears to conceive of religion under only two modes.
In the past few weeks, some 30,000 East Germans have expressed their lack of faith in the GDR's future by abandoning their homes and, often, their relatives for the freedom of the West.
But in the House of Commons, when Mrs Thatcher rose on 6 June to express ‘revulsion’ for the massacre, she also restated her government's intention to proceed with the handover in 1997.
During a visit to Manila last week, Dan Quayle, the US Vice-President, expressed confidence that Manila and Washington could reach a new agreement.
His lively and passionate nature, disciplined by a formal scientific training, was expressed creatively in his own paintings, his intense love of music, and in his relationships, personal and professional.
Speaking as the operation began, Mr Barnett thanked the person who gave permission for the donation: ‘I know that Aisling, even if she does not survive, would want me to express my eternal gratitude to them for giving her the chance to live.’
Bobby Robson, the England manager, who had spent the weekend pondering the merits of possible deputies for his club colleague Neil Webb, a long-term casualty, expressed ‘surprise and delight’ at the news that England midfield disruption may be kept to a minimum.
Finlay Calder's reasonable insistence that all of the Lions party who wished should be included on the trip, accompanied by wives or girlfriends, followed by his non-availability when this chance of expressing gratitude was rejected, have seen to that.
‘We've now got more coaches at the club than National Express, but he can come back if he wants to.
These buildings are not so controversial that passers-by, princes or those who work in them feel moved to express an opinion, either positive or negative.
Pitched battles in Hammersmith Road, London's Docklands, Birmingham or Edinburgh are unlikely, but local people must express their opinions.
Doubts were expressed about last week's rumour of moves to end steel price control.
A statement said he had ‘expressed enthusiasm for the decision’, which leaves Touche Ross as the sole DRT representive in the UK.
She was not even inarticulate in the sense that she could express her own feelings convincingly.
The 1989-90 season, which started this month, brought another new prime-time western series, ABC's Young Riders, which tells the story of the Pony Express.
He refused to elaborate, but is known to have expressed dismay at a proposed increase in prize money for doubles which would give singles only a 70-30 advantage.
Andrew might also consider it a useful opportunity to further his England captaincy claims, for which he has a growing number of supporters — although he expresses no such wish, since his old school-mate, Will Carling, currently holds the job.
There was much concern expressed on Merseyside about the safety aspects of a match kicking off that late in the evening on the day when all the tradtional pre-Christmas parties are held in offices and factories.
A Football League spokesman admitted: ‘The fixture is still under review and we are aware that some concern has been expressed about playing on the Friday night.’
Indeed, the Broadwater Farm Youth Association has expressed its concern about the situation to the police on a number of occasions, and in August 1989 went so far as to close the youth centre on the estate for some time in an effort to stop dealers congregating there.
Sir: A few hours after reading Terry Coleman's article on the United Nations General Assembly (30 September), I came across this passage in Trollope's Barchester Towers, which exactly expressed my feelings, and, I hope, those of many others of your readers: I know no life that must be so delicious as that of a writer for the newspapers…to thunder forth accusations against men in power; show up the worst side of everything that is produced; to pick holes in every coat; to be indignant, sarcastic, jocose, moral, or supercilious; to damn with faint praise, or crush with open calumny.
Fears for the stability of central Europe so bluntly expressed by Pravda this week are shared in Bonn, London and Washington.
The Israeli Prime Minister, Yitzhak Shamir, expressed his shock at the incident.
The international community, which has expressed overwhelming support for President Barco's offensive, is under pressure to be seen to be doing something to help, and quickly.
Also drawn in charcoal were two other features of religious importance: a group of five-pointed stars and a mystical two-line formula, each consisting of all 22 letters of the Hebrew alphabet — the ultimate anagram which, when rearranged, could quite literally be used to express all human knowledge and all experience.
In 1960 she joined the Sunday Express in London, where her news experience and personality quickly singled her out and in 1962 she was appointed the paper's chief American correspondent, choosing to cross the Atlantic by Cunarder.
Since Mr Lawson has long been in favour of a stable exchange rate — and since industry has enthusiastically supported him, by expressing its enthusiasm for membership of the European Monetary System — it is ill-placed to argue against an increase in base rates at a time when sterling was threatening to fall below three marks, although the Confederation of British Industry has predictably grumbled that the rise was unnecessary.
Many in the US were keenly awaiting the outcome: Mr Baker had made several statements expressing Washington's desire for Israel to reach an agreement with the Palestinians on elections.
Conservative Western military analysts have expressed scepticism about Soviet statements that they are removing from their armed forces both the capability and the doctrine of a large-scale attack on western Europe.
Voters can therefore express clear preferences for individuals within or across party boundaries.
A degree of surprise was expressed when McEnroe showed up here after a knee injury had forced his withdrawal from last month's grand prix event in San Francisco.
The result of this hunger could simply be that opera houses survive the dog days of Thatcherism with full houses for Carmen etc., or it could be the creation of new works that express and mirror the social and political needs of our culture in opera's emotive language.
Having arrived in New York via Cuba, the immigrant Fonstein seeks out Rose in order to express an entirely natural gratitude, but is shunned at every turn.
They said speculation focused on BP because it has expressed interest in refining and marketing in the western US.
In the same week in which President Bush appeared on national television brandishing $3,200 worth of cocaine (coercively obtained from a dealer who was dragged a block or two nearer the White House) to raise the air-time mileage he earns on drugs, it did not take long for outrage to be expressed.
It is views such as those expressed in the article which are the foundations of all forms of apartheid.
Yet we expect the much smaller risks incurred when travelling by train or air or sea to be non-existent, and express outrage and condemnation when accidents happen, Angela Lambert writes.
Hans Saeger, the HDW submarine sales manager, expressed caution about the deal, saying that approval from the West German government was still being sought.
The navy has also expressed its intention to purchase two derelict British-made Oberon submarines from the Immingham-based firm of Seaforth.
It is this sharing in the suffering of God that is so convincingly and magnificently expressed in Margaret Spufford's recent book, Celebration.
We are saved through the loving obedience of Jesus which is not just a mental state but is expressed and only could be expressed in bodily pain and death.
That is why the prayer of the Church as such, the Eucharistic meal which expresses and celebrates joyfully the community of the Church and the ultimate unity of humankind is the sacrament of bodily suffering, of the sacrificial death of Christ at our hands.
‘The fears that I have heard expressed about the possible negative impact on these groups are totally groundless,’ he said.
Its PDQ terminals can read Visa, Access, American Express and Diner's Club cards as well as some store and fuel cards.
He expresses scepticism about Frankfurt's boast of being able to fill their stadium for every session: ‘I don't think they will get 9,000 every day, but I would have achieved that here, where we have developed an audience for the game.
The statement also expressed ‘grave concern about the recent uncertainty’ surrounding Manchester United and Blackpool and hoped the matters would be ‘brought to an early conclusion’.
TOWARDS the end of a week of stocktaking at the Stuttgart Classic, in which some of the world's leading male players have expressed mixed feelings about the way professional tennis is moving into the next decade, Boris Becker was asked to name his player of the 1980s.
When talking of what is much discussed in East Berlin as ‘the China solution’, an elderly woman at the Church of the Saviour expressed a widely-held view when she declared: ‘The authorities just couldn't do it.
Sir: We write to express our deep concern and profound fears over the continued detention of scores of prominent trade union leaders and activists in the Sudan and the banning of all union activity.
Security will be tight: Peru's Maoist guerrillas, Sendero Luminoso, expressed their disapproval of the whole business by setting off a number of bombs in Ica last week and murdering the wife of the rector of the local university.
THE WEST GERMAN government yesterday expressed ‘great concern and deep dismay’ at police violence against East Germans demonstrating for reform at the weekend.
Her father, who served in the Brigade of Guards, was the original Beachcomber columnist on the Daily Express and also guarded Sir Roger Casement when he was a prisoner in the Tower.
Now that CalTech's operating environment is being marketed commercially by Parasoft under the name Express, and with Meiko's introduction of a machine-independent programming system called CS Tools, a single, uniform environment is becoming increasingly likely.
The Nou Camp support had begun Saturday evening waving white handkerchiefs at the Basque in black, expressing the customary suspicion that referees feel indebted to Madrid.
The Pizza Express London league got off to an early start this year with a shortened programme.
The West German government expressed its concern at the police violence against protesters on Saturday, and political leaders in Bonn urged East Germany to bring in political and economic reforms.
-A letter appears in a national newspaper expressing disbelief that the writer has already spotted the first penny-for-the-guy collector/Christmas tree/artificial snow sprayed on shop window/Valentine cards on sale.
Yesterday, it emerged that members of his union and the National Union of Civil and Public Servants who work in the government's Business Statistics Office in Newport, Gwent, expressed worries that their work could be ‘prostituted’ and ‘manipulated’by politicians after the CSO was moved from the control of the Cabinet Office to the Treasury.
But Margaret Thatcher wrote to Paul Flynn, their MP, in July saying: ‘The concerns you express are without foundation.
Many local people also expressed concern at the number of holiday cottages and second homes in Wensleydale.
It just so happens that Berlin has expressed interest in a loan show.
Many Germans express scepticism about how amenable to reform the hardline regime can be.
Many jazz-players, often to the detriment of their later careers, rise to prominence through a single performance or achievement and find themselves saddled with an epithet expressing public expectations.
Worries have been expressed within the industry about the trend towards amalgamating sales teams.
This may account for the relatively high level of interest being expressed in the issue.
Regulations have also been discussed regarding the suspension and dismissal of public employees who do not express loyalty to General Noriega.
He denied that any hardliners would be expelled, expressing the hope that ‘they will decide to join a party which still clings to the idea of the dictatorship of the proletariat’.
Several delegates expressed disappointment at the delay in the electricity privatisation timetable, but Mr Wakeham said he would make no apology.
Although Wesker expresses the utmost admiration for Shakespeare, he was determined to write an original work which would change people's perception and create a new Shylock.
Even the industrial costs of over-ambitious Docklands works had been defrayed through a print sharing arrangement with the Express.
Mr de Klerk, who said Mr Mandela's release was ‘not on the agenda now’, expressed the hope that the release of the prisoners would contribute to a spirit of reconciliation.
This was fine, but solid evidence will have to be provided that the scene in which Palin woke up on the Orient Express to the knock of brioches at the door was the real thing.
Other sections of the Partei (except the government speakers) are allowed to express dissenting views.
Sir: Your otherwise sound leading article ('Private gifts for public arts', 11 October) shot itself hypocritically in the foot in its last paragraph by expressing irritation with corporate executives who ‘parade as great patrons while giving away their shareholders’ money'.
What has not yet been made clear is that the vice-chancellors are seriously split over the issue and some are expressing grave misgivings over the direction being taken.
He expressed hope that Britain's long-awaited scheme to grant some Hong Kong people the right to live in Britain would be ‘as generous as possible’.
It made no express reference to proceedings between a named representative of a class and a member of that class who might well have sharply different interests, as betweeen themselves, as to the substance of the plaintiff's claim.
Fri Cheltenham Queen's Hotel; Sat Berkhamsted Civic Centre; Sun Birmingham Midlands Arts Centre; Wed Leeds College of Music; Thur 26 Northampton Arts Centre; Thur 2 Nov London, University College School; Sat 4 London, Pizza Express, Dean St, W1; Sun 5 Brentwood Monkey Club; Wed 8 Nottingham Old Vic; Sun 12 Newcastle Corner House; Fri 17 Brighton Concorde Club; Sat 25 Swindon Link Ctr.
Ferranti continued with presentations yesterday to the group of more than 10 companies believed to have expressed an interest in bidding for the company or providing it with equity capital.
Surprise has been expressed in some quarters that Mr Zilligen has been allowed to stay on the Ferranti board given his key role at ISC during the £215m deception.
However, some analysts have expressed doubts about management continuity.
From here, that means a short cab ride, and I phone a mini-cab firm whose card I find in one of my pockets, the Ace Express Super Silver Service.
No, what they want is perfectly expressed in the simple banner held up during the Leipzig demonstrations: ‘Freiheit!!!’
He twice turned down the chance to become Secretary General of Nato, and the ideas on defence and deterrence outlined here compare favourably with much of the output of the Beltway Bandits and their fellow theorists in Paris or Moscow, save only that they are more readably expressed.
At least two, the Statesman and the Indian Express, were expected to take up the story in their issues today.
The experiment has gathered wide support, even from left-wing groups which in the past sought to overthrow the monarchy, but which now express support for constitutional reform.
In the 1970s, the two were independently studying how the information necessary to specify living creatures, which is stored in the DNA molecule, was transcribed and its instructions expressed to make living cells.
Tom Gower from Southport, though, seemed to have been as anxious for reassurance as he was to express solidarity.
This is usually expressed in terms of pushing an activity underground (eg pornography) or into the backstreets (eg abortion) or abroad (eg experiments on embryos).
Brady explained: ‘Jack Charlton wrote to me, saying he was sorry about the way it had ended and expressing the hope that we could still have a decent relationship.
The first problem is the dispassionate judgement of compositions that emerge from, and in some cases directly express, political oppression.
In both, the identification with music that attempts to express any part of this vast area tends to be one of self-deceiving empathy.
The good composer expresses what he feels and makes what he is making, from an essentially musical motivation, by essentially musical means, with all the skill and experience he can command.
Economists yesterday expressed concern that the increase in prices was becoming more generalised.
The wider, less devoted audience in the country will not be so ready to express approval.
‘I am fasting because I see no other way to express my protest against the ways in which our politicians brazenly keep up appearances and celebrate the fortieth anniversary of the state as their victory.
The most professional is a leaflet expressing solidarity from Poland.
The East German leadership at last showed some reaction to the enormous vote of no confidence expressed by its citizens over the past weeks.
BOGOTA (Reuter)— Francois Mitterrand, winding up a four-day Latin American tour, expressed Europe's support for Colombia's fight against cocaine barons.
Doctors, expressing surprise at her robust physical condition, believe she will survive.
A JUDGE has put off sentencing a 26-year-old sex attacker in order to give the victim, a young mother, an opportunity to express her view on what the punishment should be.
AMERICAN Express has introduced an accidental injury insurance plan which covers cardmembers for high-risk sports excluded from most insurances.
The PM, Mr Lee, expressed a slightly different view.
These are the products of an age when the Dutch were the richest people in the world — the Japanese of their time — and they expressed their wealth by painting, not scenes of classical grandeur, but homes and streets, faces and families.
Just as Inter-railers traditionally take overnight express trains to get a night's sleep, so small teams of Germans are roaming North America, checking the schedules carefully for flights with catering or overnight trips which save on accommodation.
The key to this undoubtedly lay in the attraction to the RUC of the idea of research on how routine policing is affected by Northern Ireland's security situation, and the appeal of giving ordinary policemen and women an opportunity to express their views about policing.
As one further measure of the rapport that was established, most respondents eventually became assured enough in her presence to express their feelings about being the subject of research.
But leaving aside instances of momentary irritation, of which there were many, as all field-workers must expect, most respondents became confident enough in the field-worker's presence to express what were undoubtedly widely held fears about the research.
Sometimes these concerns were expressed through humour and tibaldry.
On one occasion, they were expressed through anger.
The issues about which respondents expressed concern included  the use made of the results by, variously, the police authorities and the IRA, and the associated question of whether the field-worker was a spy for the authorities or the Republican paramilitaries (on researchers as spies see Hunt 1984: 288–9; Manning 1972: 248); the obtrusiveness of the ethnographer's ubiquitous notepad; sensitivity to how the research might compromise their personal security or lead to a transfer, and worthies over the field-worker's religion; and the whole focus and topic of the investigation.
Variations on the fears expressed below reappear many times in the field notes.
On one level, it did not prevent some respondents expressing disparaging remarks about Catholics, nor dissuade them from giving opinions on controversial political issues.
But the authorities take all complaints seriously, which leads some constables to fear ‘the flippin' solicitor's letter’(FN 5/10/87, p. 16), although one middleranking officer once expressed considerable sympathy for the post — tion some police constables find themselves in as a result of being hedged (as they are in Northern Ireland's more unusual position as a divided society) between authorities who are exceedingly sensitive to complaints against the police and a public which has sections eager to complain, even in Protestant-dominated Easton.
A policewoman with long experience in dealing with sexual abuse did express the opinion that policemen can sometimes be more effective than women in encouraging very young  male victims to talk about their experiences: and this policewoman was in favour of male colleagues joining her at the RUC's specialist sexual abuse unit.
The opinions policemen express about sex crimes are worth noting, because they reinforce the structure which gender gives to routine policing.
Rape does not provoke such strong emotions in policemen, and their resistance to dealing with it is expressed more in terms of the greater competence policewomen are supposed to have.
This fear does not arise from a view of themselves as unskilled in formal police requirements, for no policemen or women would express that they suspect this of themselves, although some admit to suspecting it of others.
Often this fear is expressed in the form of sexist remarks about the different instincts of policewomen compared to policemen, or disparaging remarks about the duties of those who work in community relations and neighbourhood policing.
Appearance in court is feared by many policemen and women, who express a worry about being humiliated by an aggressive counsel, of becoming ‘tongue-tied’, and generally of having ‘a rough time’.
Surprisingly, given the folk image of policemen, on the one occasion when the field-worker accompanied some policemen on court duty, the men expressed a preference for ‘fair’ judges and actually criticized what they thought was the excessive penalty imposed by a ‘hard’judge for the offence of throwing an empty can (FN 9/3/87, p. 10).
Those policemen who have racist views are faced with problems when the hero on celluloid is black, but when discussing such an instance, one policeman expressed his dislike for blacks but still found the film ‘brilliant’(FN 9/10/87, p. 57).
The reverse equally applies, for the remarks which some of Easton's Protestant residents express about the police reveal attitudes towards them which are typical of many working-class groups in urban areas in non-divided societies.
While advocates of community policing express confidence in its ability to effect improvements (Alderson 1979, 1982; Scarman 1981), research contradicts this by pointing to resistance from those constables who are responsible for it or to organizational constraints (Fielding et al .
This self-selection process ensures that the Community Relations Branch  attracts people with enthusiasm and the necessary personal qualities which make them enjoy work with youngsters, and not one member of the Community Relations Branch we encountered in Easton and elsewhere expressed anything other than pleasure and enjoyment from working with youngsters.
Considerable indignation was expressed by one constable when recalling an incident at which a colleague was assigned by a headmaster to merely the non-examination classes, feeling that their work in schools should not be marginalized in this way.
Towards the end of field-work a constable newly transferred to the Neighbourhood Unit from one of the sections expressed his difficulties in adjusting to the new round of duties, stating that it was more difficult to pass the time because nothing seemed to happen (FN 17/12/87, p. 16): establishing informal contact with the public was not yet itself seen as doing police work and boredom was unappealing.
The observational data was collected at a time when the men went in pairs, but they expressed concern over how this latest development worked against effective community policing:
Moreover, neighbourhood police expressed a sensitivity to the effect which these casual encounters might have on the safety of those they talked to ‘for you don't know who's watching’.
Due to ignorance about the local language, the slogan was expressed in Chinese so as to mean ‘Pepsi re-awakens your dead relatives’.
Y = a + b X where Y = demand for a product, typically expressed as the number of households per 1,000 of the population that own one of the product (a car, television, video recorder etc).
Roughly four-fifths of Sun, Express, Mail , and Telegraph readers said their paper was biased towards the Conservatives, while a similar number of Mirror readers said their paper was biased against the Conservatives.
However, those who had expressed a general interest in politics during the parliamentary mid-term were more likely to see bias on the television and in their papers early in the campaign.
Surely the detailed issue coverage in the Guardian and The Times must be superior to the necessarily brief and superficial coverage of issues on television? perhaps that is so; but Very few British newspaper readers read papers like the Guardian and The Times ; most read tabloids such as the Sun , the Star , the Mirror , the Express , or the Mail .
However, those who had expressed a more general interest in politics during the parliamentary mid-term were more likely to allege bias on television and in their papers during the campaign.
We can calculate their relative preference for the Conservatives on the unemployment issue as C/ (C+L+A), that is, as the mark given to the Conservatives expressed as a proportion of the total mark given to all three parties (or multiplied by 100 to transform it from a proportion into a percentage).
2. the Express or the Mail
In the Mid-Term Wave, a year before the election,Guardian and Mirror readers were strongly Labour;Express ,Mail , and Telegraph readers were strongly Conservative.
The variety of television news (and current affairs) programmes allowed them to choose the degree of depth and detail they wanted, but not the political viewpoints expressed.
He pointed out that peasant opposition to government did exist, but on account of Russia's huge distances it expressed itself more by evasion than through open fighting.
Great concern was often expressed about lack of military interest in political affairs.
The quiet but bitter resignation of the vast majority was expressed to Yakovlev by one of them in this way: ‘A peasant is a sheep, and whoever wants his wool fleeces him.
Fears for the political stability of the area, once the bastion of the Socialist Revolutionaries and bordering on Tambov guberniia, were also rising, though not expressed publicly.
They contained a large middle class, which together with dissatisfied refugees and war workers from the fighting zone in the World War, had often expressed dislike of central intervention, and had even encouraged local autonomy.
Prince Charles comments on this in the John Muir Newsletter and refers to Unna's wishes first expressed 50 years ago.
Season Ratings This is the most common way of expressing the performance of a sleeping bag.
This was powerfully expressed in a valedictory message from the retiring ambassador to Paris, Sir Nicholas Henderson, who was about to succeed Peter Jay at the British embassy in Washington.
Along with privatization, supply-side finance, and ‘union-bashing’, the government expressed its radicalism with a series of assaults on major segments and institutions within British society.
By the eighties, affluence was expressed, to a growing degree, in the purchase of a second home, often by city-dwellers whose alternative residence hastened the endemic decay of village life — or open political hostility in Wales where a campaign of house incendiarism by some cultural nationalists, the ‘Sons of Glyn Dŵr’, punctuated the otherwise peaceful history of the principality from the 1960s to the 1980s.
Old-fashioned advocates of a cohesive empire like Beaverbrook's Daily Express seemed purely eccentric.
Central Council would like to express their gratitude for the many generous donations and gifts which help to maintain the high standard of care given to the Home's guests.
It is gratifying that the initial residents have built up a very happy family atmosphere, and have expressed their thanks to the Association for providing them with what they now regard as their home.
How times changed — now someone would express their concern ove whether the thing had been cooked long enough to annihilate any salmonella!
Though the war then ended, the headmaster of Repton could not but be wary of political passion expressed by boys.
How should he express this feeling?
He liked to take ideas gently, to get time to meditate on the best modes of expressing truth.
The Sunday Express speculated about the next primate and thought that Ramsey probably ruled himself out by his partisan behaviour in attending the eucharistic congress.
And at one point, showing how the books were formed into the New Testament by the early Church, the report expressed the belief that God gave the early Church its three gifts of ordering of the New Testament, creeds like the apostles' creed, and the ministry of bishops in their succession from the apostles.
Of course, the problem can be expressed in economic terms — the maintenance of a given number of aged people in the conditions of modern society is relatively more costly than in the past: in accommodation, in service, and in attention — but, as I say, money benefits and subsidies are not the heart of the matter.
It is in this form that I would express the challenge of the social and medical revolution which has given rise to the modern problem of old age.
The more I see of provision for the old, the more irresistibly a thought rises in my mind, which, however hesitantly, I will try to express.
The monastic rule of the Middle Ages expressed an answer to this question.
As my own thank-offering I would like to try briefly to express some thoughts on education by which I have long been troubled and to which no place, for reasons which I will show, could be more appropriate than this.
This last was expressed in other words as willingness ‘to see the ratio between profits and incomes preserved at a reasonable level by a tax which would become operative upon all industry when a certain figure was exceeded by profits as a whole’.
As long as the public is not prevented from choosing one thing in preference to another, people will express their choice by what they are prepared to pay for the one compared with the other.
Every change in the preferences of the public at home or abroad, every alteration in supply and demand — those dreadful archaic words had to be pronounced sooner or later — will express itself in a change of prices.
Splendidly expressed!
Beautifully expressed!
That has brought us back again to the conundrum which you posed to me and in the face of which I had to express my helplessness — namely, how do we make the silent majority unsilent since that is by definition impossible?
Expressed in other terms, ‘the Commonwealth’ is not a political entity, or indeed an entity at all except in make-believe.
Covering the broad territory of rock and pop New Musical Express ,Sounds, Melody Maker and RM (formerly Record Mirror ) are the longest-established weekly titles.
In all its forms, its object is to raise man above himself and to make him lead a life superior to that which he would lead, if he followed only his own individual whims: beliefs express this life in representations; rites organize it and regulate its working.
Charlie Mears does not express himself in Sanskrit, but the narrator of the text knows who will most appreciate Charlie's story.
In November 1921 Eliot expressed a dread of London, longing for sea or mountains.
The Waste Land hardly suggests that the inhabitants of the twentieth-century city are conscious actors in fertility rites, but since these, long forgotten, underlie our behaviour, since the ‘sexual instinct’ plays a role in ‘the religion and mythology of primitive peoples (indeed in all religion)’, and since Christianity and primitive ritual are linked, the poem expresses despair at the change and decay not only of city churches which Eliot visited at this time, but of all belief.
Eliot's work was never performed by puppets, but Cornford's influence remained central, and a 1933 letter shows that other ideas expressed in ‘The Beating of a Drum’ played their part in Eliot's concept of his play.
Eliot, who invited his friends to this performance, who attended some of the rehearsals, and who expressed his full confidence in the director Rupert Doone, continued to follow in his text the original impetus which Cornford had given him.
Eliot's solution was to attempt to revive what anthropology had revealed to him as the very oldest form of ritual and express it through the phenomena of stylized contemporary life, uniting the savage and the city.
In 1927 Eliot was in correspondence with William Force Stead, the Anglican priest to whom he expressed his deeply anxious spiritual commitment and who had baptized him.
In a paragraph whose subtitle, ‘City, City’, harks back to The Waste Land , he expressed astonishment that in an economic slump the City was pulling down buildings to erect ever more splendid banks.
Defending the family as the centre of human life and the village as the basic social unit Eliot expresses his preference for London over other cities since it remains characteristically made up of a collection of villages whose borders touch, each maintaining its own local character.
It is the whole complex of behaviour, thought and feeling, expressing itself in custom, in art, in political and social organisation, in religious structure and religious thought, which we can perceive most clearly as a whole in the less advanced societies, but which is equally present as the peculiar character of the most highly developed people or nation.
The play's strength is that it draws on Eliot's earlier work and makes that earlier work transferable to the West End, a triumph in itself; its weakness, like that of most of the plays, is that it offers us little we cannot find more concisely and intensely expressed in the poetry.
Newman and Redford seemed to express the youthful, anarchical values of 1968-and-all-that.
One reason is that this conflation of binaries enables a merging of misogyny and homophobia, each of which then potentially expresses the violence of the other.
Queensberry, in a letter published in the Star on 25 April 1895, expresses the connection clearly enough when he describes Wilde as ‘a sexual pervert of an utterly diseased mind’(Goodman,The Oscar Wilde File , 133–4, 99).
Is it defined in terms of the sexuality of (say) the individual or artist who expresses or possesses it — and does that mean that no nonhomosexual can possess/express it?
It is not clear which, the anger or the boredom, was thought to be the more insulting, but both were expressed as that arrogance for which he was often hated.
By insisting on the arbitrariness and narrowness of gender roles, and that they are socially ascribed rather than naturally given, Orton expresses a central motif in the sexual politics of that time.
the gay male parody of a certain femininity, which, as others have argued, may itself be an elaborate social construct, is both a way of giving vent to the hostility toward women that probably afflicts every male (and which male heterosexuals have of course expressed in infinitely nastier and more effective ways)and could paradoxically be thought of as helping to deconstruct that image for women themselves…
Seventy years on Michael Carson, writing of his own homosexual desire for the racially other, expresses a similar sentiment though now with a revealing, probably necessary, and certainly crucial distinction: ‘I have always been sexually attracted to foreigners.
One of his most vivid memories is of three separate groups of fedayeen, each situated on a different hill, singing to each other just before dawn; it was a polyphony, ‘a great improvisation performed among the mountains, in the midst of danger’, heedless of death, expressing and eliciting love (pp. 36 — 40).
Neil Spencer wrote about it in the New Musical Express beneath the headline ‘Don't Look Over Your Shoulder, But The Sex Pistols Are Coming.’
Within the state sector, the statutory public monopoly of electricity supply and express delivery service has been ended.
An important task of leadership, in her view, is to win the battle of ideas, and this is done by frequently expressing basic beliefs and principles.
Her frequent denunciations of high levels of taxation and public expenditure, of big government, and of the diminution of individual freedom and choice are passionate and deeply felt; they are expressed in attacks on the baneful, almost ‘immoral’, effects of inflation and of governments which debase the currency, or borrow rather than‘balance’ their income and expenditure.
But there were other factors as well: her ruthless dismissal of Cabinet dissenters in 1981 and sacking of the Foreign Secretary in 1983, the abolition of the CPRS, her close involvement in the promotion of Permanent Secretaries and her tendency, by publicly expressing her own views on controversial issues, to pre-empt Cabinet discussions.
She has strong views on most issues and her propensity to express her views boldly at the outset of a Cabinet discussion, combined with a sometimes dismissive attitude towards opposing colleagues, tended to change the atmosphere and polarize Cabinet discussions.
In his resignation  press conference Michael Heseltine complained explicitly about Mrs Thatcher's style and performance as Prime Minister, claiming that she had acted unconstitutionally in refusing him permission to discuss the issue in Cabinet and in forbidding him to restate views he had publicly expressed in the past.
His views have been expressed in numerous speeches and newspaper articles and in two learned and witty books,Inside Right and Britain Can Work .
Hailsham, in an article in the Daily Express , of 3 September, called for an election, to be fought on party lines, with the aim of securing a Conservative majority for protection, The government, Hailsham said, should hurry up to complete the purpose for which it was formed, namely the balancing of the budget, and then go to the country on party lines.
On 8 September, Churchill, hitherto a free trader, spoke in the Commons, expressing doubts about the wisdom of joining the National Government, and urging an early election fought on tariffs; ‘An audacious rollicking speech,’ commented Amery, ‘by no means pleasing to the Front Bench.'
On 26 September, before the Cabinet had seriously begun to consider whether an election should be called, Snowden declared that an early election could not be avoided; and on 2 October, Neville Chamberlain noted in his diary, ‘Snowden expressed strongly the view that imports must be controlled’.
That was in fact the private view of Harold Nicolson, although he did not allow it to be expressed in his official biography of George V. In an unpublished section of his diaries, he writes of his interview with Queen Mary on 21 March 1949, ‘I talked to her about the 1931 crisis and said that I was convinced the King had been a determinant influence on that occasion, ‘Yes certainly; he certainly was,'
Keynes's was by no means a lone voice criticizing the extent of government commitments overseas, The (unpublished) Economic Survey for 1946, the Balance of payments Working party, and the Bank of England all expressed grave doubts on this score.
The second reason for taking the ‘non-party’ claim seriously is that the various Leagues — and not just the three studied by Coetzee — were frequently critical of the Conservative party and expressed strong reservations about the effectiveness of the Conservatives as a political force.
However, if one compares Maxse's views with those expressed by W. C. Bridgeman an interesting picture emerges.
The frustrations which Bridgeman and Maxse expressed towards the party hierarchy were the product of their belief that the leadership was not responding adequately to the party's ‘crisis’, and in particular not accepting the kind of programme which could bring the party back to power.
That the views of Edwardian Conservatives elided so easily with those expressed by such a maverick as Maxse is evidence of how threatened the Conservatives felt and how far they were prepared to use a radical voice to pursue Conservative ends.
Ideas expressed at many different periods, or in many different contexts, have been assembled into a definitive world view.
Among the poor who had no property, desertion was the informal answer to marital unhappiness and was practised on an unknown scale until the Second World War: certainly, eighteenth and nineteenth century poor law officials often expressed concern at the number of deserted wives drawing relief.
She saw in Rachel's face three years of loss and loneliness; she saw too the simpler anger that Rachel would never dare to express.
Since, on principle, they could not say that lesbianism made them nervous and that the complex new demands made on them scared them, they found more underhand and aggressive ways of expressing their resentments.
Pearce expressed surprise and said that this was the first he had heard of it.
In Chapter 3 it was argued that pre-colonial society was indeed authoritarian, and that this expressed itself in a great stress on the conformity of the individual, and on a hierarchy of relationships between young and old, between chiefs and people and between men and women.
Nonetheless, the Senegalese system has dealt with the succession problem impressively, and sustained a multi-party tradition which allows a wide range of opinion to be expressed in public, and in doing so has avoided the most acute problems of localism.
For instance, under a market valuation of exchange rates Tanzania's coffee producers would have received a significantly higher farmgate price when expressed in local currency, and their capacity to save and invest would have been higher.
In Tanzania the Asians suffered attrition in stages as the combined effects of the Arusha Declaration and the nationalization of both private houses and wholesale trade ‘cut them off at the knees’ as Nyerere expressed it.
Those priorities have reflected politicians' prime concern: to centralize economic power in the hands of the government in a way which matched the centralization of political power as expressed through the one-party state.
The Eden was contaminated with ammonia in 1987 by Express Dairies who were recently forced to pay £113,000 in compensation following action by the Anglers' Cooperative Association.
Councillors were told anglers spoiled the enjoyment of members of the public who liked to stroll around the lakes, and labour councillor Owen Granfield expressed concern over the environmental impact of stocking fish into park lakes.
This idea, that private property and exploitation are just two sides of the same coin, is a central proposition of Marxist theory and is clearly expressed here.
The division of labour here is a notion used in part to express the fact that with more complex technology one gets more specialization in society, however for Marx and Engels such differentiation also always implies inequality.
The second is the statement of a clear evolutionary sequence in the Preface to a Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy , the work where Marx expresses [p. 83]most coherently his theory of history: ‘In broad outlines Asiatic, ancient, feudal and modern bourgeois modes of production can be designated as progressive epochs in the economic formation of society’.
Marx is continually facing a problem which is very familiar to anthropologists: how to express a different system with a vocabulary which is inevitably moulded to the institutions of the society in which it is normally used.
This is especially noticeable in that Marx is highly critical of Maine, Phear, and Lubbock wherever any of these three express ideas which conflict with Morgan's views.
The fact that we call both our mother's brother and father's brother by the same term does not mean that we are unaware of the fact that we are related to them in different ways or that we cannot express this difference by using such phrases as ‘my uncle on my mother's side’.
In any case, the contradiction which Marx stresses very largely disappears when we realize that it is a matter of the context in which claim to land is expressed.
From the point of  view of the outsider the descent group appears as undifferentiated and this will be expressed by statements of the commonality of the resources of claim while, from the point of view of the insider dealing with other insiders the descent group appears highly differentiated.
With some modification, this view, expressed in African Political Systems , is generally accepted, Recent research would broaden even further the category and also include systems where descent groups are linked one to another by marriage, rather than by believed common descent.
Protection can mean Defence of the Faith, i.e. of Christianity, or it can mean the adoption and identification of a ‘guardian spirit’, who will watch over your life-journey, a universal, but at the same time very individual and personal desire, expressed in most religions and cultures.
And Glauber also implies that the forms and images in which this experience is expressed are not fixed but open and changing.
The writer would like to express his appreciation of the art historical studies of Teresa Gisbert, Leopoldo Castedo, Julia P. Herzberg and dr Luis Enrique Tord, to which he has been deeply indebted in writing this article .
This is a language, a world view, a form of life perhaps, wherein one of the principal reasons for according praise to a type of art is that it is able to give voice to a politics; Bolshevism in the main case, though as Callinicos acknowledges, one of the salient points about Modernism was its ‘ambiguity, its capacity to express a variety of different political positions’; that is, when it was not engaged on its more usual ‘flight from politics’(p. 161).
The materials displayed in the exhibition and reproduced in the Fallout section of the Scrapbook no doubt express ideas about which strong convictions are held.
Firstly, Art & Language's piece ‘Ralph the Situationist’ expresses considerable misgivings about the Situationist project: ‘The texts are effectively incorrigible and self insulating…’; ‘…bland incoherence — a self-contradictory absurdity — a moral ground to give up reading and remembering…’, and so on.
Given the withering contempt expressed by the Situationists for ‘prositus’, one shudders to think what Debord et al .
A Punjabi Hindu wedding song sung by women while the bride and groom walk seven times round the wedding fire expresses this quite clearly:
In this period the trade union branch's attitude is best expressed by the trade union negotiator himself — George Bromley JP.
Their sentiments were all very similar, and this letter from Lincolnshire expresses them quite clearly:
A Sikh Conservative Councillor — Mr Mangat — expressed it quite clearly in 1973: ‘The best hope for Sikhs in this country lies in abandoning the turban and making themselves as inconspicuous as possible.
Alain Prost has expressed considerable concern that FISA's strict new rules on driver discipline might result in ostensibly innocent racing manoeuvres attracting draconian penalties during the 1991 world championship season.
On the contrary, its broad grille and hooded headlamps project something approaching alternative thinking on the way to express the famous Munich car maker's identity.
All the stack-pipes fell off in the Daily Express Trophy at Silverstone, but Graham won again and that race carried a lot of money.
The News of the World with its phenomenal eight million circulation, the Daily Mail , and the Daily Express all gave increasing space to sport.
Chapman, a Yorkshireman, had not had much success as a player, but he shone as a manager, first with Huddersfield and then with Arsenal, where he had a salary of £2,000 a year and wrote a column for the Sunday Express into the bargain.
Territoriality was the key to urban working-class sporting loyalties and this was sometimes expressed in acts of violence.
Why was group identity expressed in this rather than in some other way?
As industrial communities became established on a grander scale with second, third, and fourth generation residents, there was a need to express territoriality in new ways.
You are good at expressing yourself, which stands you in good stead if you want to ask someone to do you a favour.
By Coach National Express to Leeds.
One way to deal with this is to express each result from an individual as a percentage of the mean value for that person; in this way, all vary about the same mean value of 100 per cent.
The results in (4) and (5) appear to remove the reservations expressed above.
C Company were the UK Key Company for Exercise Avenue Express, and were based in the coastal town of Hofoaek, fifty kilometres west of Copenhagen.
A comprehensive account of the function and characteristic features of traditional barns follows, because it is apparent from even a brief tour of any rural district that the treatment meted out to many old barns in the course of their conversion into houses has been insensitive, or even atrocious, and even these enormities have occurred despite their owners' clearly expressed intentions to preserve, rather than erase, the ‘barn-like’ qualities of the buildings.
However, the architects' view is that this communal aspect of the building is most clearly expressed architecturally by the central atrium, a space overlooked by the lift lobbies and the galleries of each upper floor that gives access to the flats.
The importance of maintaining the relationship between the building and the river was expressed not only in the provision of the boat jetty, which is linked to the common room, but also in the balconies, connected to the main circulation galleries of every floor, which overlook the water.
She made a mental note to listen more attentively to her lessons in biology and in Marxism, and then, to divert Omi from the views she was expressing, Erika said: ‘Uncle Karl will be back soon, Omi.
A child screaming is expressing itself, or like those artists who daub things in the West — they say they are expressing themselves.’
When he attended St Mark's, Dundela, for the first time after his conversion, he was repelled by the sense that ‘these good Produsdands’ went there to express party solidarity rather than religious feeling; and he found his Irish relations almost universally repulsive.
The letter (written four years before Lewis became a Christian) expresses distaste for the Groupers' reported custom of extracting public confessions from their devotees.
That is, one needs the literate ability to express oneself clearly; but one also needs the right voice and the ability to be concise.
Many people express surprise that the magazine is so young, and Radio 4's News Stand programme recently described us as ‘good old Country Living ’.
The problem is that arrogance and aggression are often expressed at the expense of other road users.
‘You'll be quicker on the express.’
He had had 2,500 letters from members of the public expressing their grief, sympathy and admiration for a man who they felt had in some way belonged to ordinary people and understood them.
There was no pool of academics or professionals contributing to this talk; it was a speech very much from the heart, and the thoughts expressed — mocked by the tabloids, needless to say, as philosophical ramblings — are still very relevant today.
At a nod from his father, the undertaker beckoned towards a group of men who came forward with subdued eyes, eager to express their sympathy in the one manly way that was open to them.
I phoned Fr Nick to express our sympathy and condolences and I said that we would offer 11.00 Mass to day for her.
As the Club Conference Committee was struggling to express this wider vision in an initial Statement of Aims, it was Philip in 1964 who produced the winning title that we all now take for granted — Frontier Youth Trust.
Not only my words to express what Philip meant to CUM, Bermondsey and to our family.
The committee express their thanks for the work he has done in a voluntary capacity over the past months.
And frequently women would express to me their need to be pregnant again.
At the time of going to press the arrangements for the consecration of these first black bishops of modern times are not yet complete, but it is rumoured that the Holy Father has expressed the wish to elevate all three distinguished sons of Africa to the plenitude of the priesthood with his own hands.
The nation's filmmakers, like its people, can't express emotion; they lack drive and passion, they're tame and repressed.
The great British films all tap into a problem, the gap between what is felt and what can be expressed, that is universal but gains a particular inflection from being seen in the British context.
Critics are free to express opinions on such matters, but most of what you hear is pure speculation.
In a letter to the London Evening News of the late 1920s, Hitchcock expresses his own sense of how Hollywood models could be redeployed in a British context:
General concern about the parlous state of British film production was expressed throughout the 1920s.
The result of this openness to new ideas began to pay off when films like the Gilliatt-scripted Rome Express (1933), a streamlined comedy thriller, became hits at the box office.
Just as the Hollywood moguls built an, albeit mythic, vision of the American dream, so Balcon, from a Jewish immigrant family, felt that films should ‘express England’.
The first internationally successful British sound film was Rome Express from Gaumont-British, but its box-office performance was soon eclipsed by that of The Private Life of Henry VIII (1933), Alexander Korda's calculated attempt on the international market.
But the argument is too neat, and dependent on the assumption of a desire on the part of filmmakers to express themselves about contemporary realities that was being repressed by the censorship system.
In 1936, outrage was expressed when two submissions to the BBFC to film Walter Greenwood's bestseller,Love on the Dole , were turned down.
In her primping performance as Amy Johnson in They Flew Alone (1942), Anna Neagle is allowed to express none of the deeper motivations for her character's decision to defy convention and take up flying, and the film never tries to make anything of its contrast between Johnson's individualism and its concluding images of girls marching, clearly anything but individuals.
Powell and Pressburger couldn't find the stories that expressed what they wanted to say to a contemporary audience, Reed suffered a loss of nerve after making two exceptional films with Graham Greene (Fallen Idol and The Third Man ).
At first, he expressed surprise at the colours Saska had picked for his new look — a sludgy, greyish-green suit by top Italian designer, Giorgio Armani, teamed with a dusty tobacco silk turtleneck and cardigan from Nicole Farhi, to encourage Yuri to break away from his preferred monochromes.
Armani, pushing 60 but still dressing 25, seems to regard Emporio as a means of expressing his personal infatuation with youth.
Hill expresses the way time has cheated them: his daughter was born while he was remanded in custody, and is now 14: ‘She would change dramatically and I didn't feel a change in myself mentally.
The anger expressed in East Beirut reflected a sense of betrayal in the Christian camp.
The high motivation, skills and adaptability of the new arrivals create social tensions that will be expressed in economic jealousy.
Mr Thornberry, who comes from Belfast, expressed two anxieties about the election: first, whether the technical arrangements made for the election would proceed smoothly; second, whether the use of symbols on ballot papers to enable illiterate voters to identify the party of their choice would work satisfactorily.
For a group of young nuns to challenge the full authority of the Chinese state, visibly expressed by the tin-hatted martial-law troops standing guard only a hundred metres away, is an act of calculated defiance.
The second aspect is the extent to which recent events prove that politicians should avoid expressing the obvious, because it always leads to trouble.
But lawyers expressed doubts.
The beginning was also a time when I was asked if I, too, would soon let them down ‘like all the others’ and when being there was expressed for all by Janet: ‘I'm only here because my daughter is the way she is.
She described how she walked around for months ‘with a pain, almost a physical pain, in my heart’; of how she avoided friends and pulled her hat over her face if she met them in the street; of how, at last, she knew she must express her thousand emotions about her little grandchild in the way she knew best, in clay.
Ray Cochrane has expressed similar sentiments.
The American Express Mediterranean Open at Las Brisas, Spain, on March 1-4, the Murphy's Cup at York on August 9-12 and the Austrian Open at Salzburg on October 11-14 push the schedule up to 45 tournaments.
Although the proposed treaty will be signed individually by the 23 states in the two blocs, the reductions will be expressed as collective ceilings, to be enforced by the two integrated military commands.
Earlier in the tour Hugh McGahan, the Kiwis' captain, expressed his surprise and delight at seeing his men given comparable prominence to the All Blacks — in some northern editions of the papers at least.
ON APRIL 26, Qin Benli, the editor of the Shanghai-based Shijie Jingjie Dao Bao (World Economic Herald) was sacked for publishing notes of a forum calling for the rehabilitation of Hu Yaobang, the former disgraced Communist Party's general secretary who died in April this year, and expressing support for the student demonstrations in Tiananmen Square.
IWISH to express my support for the ambulance men and women.
There was an inarticulate sense of loss, often expressed with anger or violence.
In this way a mostly desperate body of art, which had at first shocked the American public, was transformed by speeches, articles and the context in which it was displayed, into an ideological weapon for the defence of Individualism and the right to express oneself.
It was inherent in his purpose — in the will which his canvases expressed.
The administration has expressed satisfaction with the package which includes real cuts of $4.6billion and $6billion in taxes.
France expressed horror at the assassination and appealed for unity to assure peace in the country it once ruled.
‘I wish to express the shock of the French Government in the face of this horrible assassination and convey its condolences to all Lebanese people,’ the junior Foreign Minister, Ms Edwige Avice, said in a statement to Parliament.
In Strasbourg, the 23-nation Council of Europe issued a statement expressing its indignation at the killing.
THE simultaneous publication by national newspapers of a common code of practice and declaration of principles was postponed last night after the chairman and editors of Express Newspapers decided that they needed more time to examine the proposals.
Last night Mr Nick Lloyd, editor of the Daily Express, who had not been present at Tuesday's meeting, said that the editors of Express Newspapers — the Daily and Sunday Express and the Star — and the publisher, Lord Stevens, had not had time to look closely at the proposals.
‘The cabinet expresses its deep regret for the assassination of one of north Lebanon's most distinguished leaders.’
He expressed surprise that the Lebanese Forces militia, Gen Aoun's ally, had not thrown its weight behind the new regime.
Sir William, who was expressing a personal view because of internal differences over the reorganisation, said that to split the NCC into three would remove a strategic overview in formulating national policies.
‘The cabinet expresses its deep regret for the assassination of one of north Lebanon's most distinguished leaders.’
He expressed surprise that the Lebanese Forces militia, Gen Aoun's ally, had not thrown its weight behind the new regime.
That should go to the rescue workers who took great risks to bring out survivors, the skill of the medical teams and the love expressed by those who cared for the injured and bereaved.
In an ideal world, there would be no need for either, but for now I would rather see the frustration expressed in these light-hearted terms than in the sort of man-hating bitterness that has given feminism such a bad name.
Kent had expressed interest in the pace bowler.
After Precious Link had led turning for home in the Peter Cazalet Memorial to score by six lengths from Super Express, Simon Earle, rider of the runner-up, complained that his mount had got unbalanced and made a mistake at the second last because Precious Link had taken his ground.
Mr Perelman has been talking to Shearson and its parent, American Express, about buying a 20 per cent shareholding in the broking business.
Last week the firm said it hoped to agree a sale of part of the 61 per cent stake owned by American Express as part of a deal to inject new equity into the firm.
On a one-day visit from Washington, where he now resides, the US ambassador expressed his exasperated surprise that the Lebanese Forces had not joined the ‘legitimate’ government.
Though never a left-winger in current terms, he wanted the socialist viewpoint expressed in every facet of learning.
Earlier, a Soviet official accompanying Mr Gorbachev said the Kremlin leader would express his support for an all-European conference next year to examine the burning issue of German reunification.
The Sri Lankan President, Mr Ranasinghe Premadasa, has expressed the hope that relations will improve.
It remains to be seen what precise form of words are agreed by the 12 heads of government to express their commitment to the next stage of monetary union.
Though never a left-winger in current terms, he wanted the socialist viewpoint expressed in every facet of learning.
Richard Lee, who trains Market Leader, expressed himself happy with Greene's riding and said he felt Market Leader was a moderate animal.
PUNTERS would undoubtedly have marked yesterday's Pizza Express London League match between Cambridge University and Maidenhead for a score draw.
PUNTERS would undoubtedly have marked yesterday's Pizza Express London League match between Cambridge University and Maidenhead for a score draw.
While France prevaricates, other nations are expressing interest in the ERS programme.
It will be the show's British premiere, but critics have expressed fears that the long run may set a precedent, making the National like any other West End theatre.
Your only option when sending money at the last minute to arrive by Christmas is to use the banks' electronic money transfer services which take from 24 hours to around five days depending on the bank and whether you use an express transfer.
BarclaysLloydsMidland|ONatWestRBS International Money Order£5 £4-- £3 Banker's Draft£9 £8 £6 £7 £6 Electronic Transfer standard £12.50 £8£15 £6 £6 express £12.50£15£15 £7£10 Note (1): Services offered only to existing customers.
Under Mr Gorbachev's policies of glasnost and perestroika, Central Asians have also begun to express their resentment at what they see as Russian exploitation of their land during the Stalin and Brezhnev eras.
In a statement afterwards, the BBC said it had ‘apologised to Mr Wright and his family and expressed their regret for the damage and distress caused’.
And for good measure, it should be noted that the ECO long ago expressed his own conclusion that settlement in the UK was the intention in this case.
Despite worries expressed by connections last weekend about the fast ground, a stable spokesperson confirmed yesterday that Rusch de Farges will run under top weight of 11st 10lb.
Bernard Cotton, the England manager, forcefully expressed the view that England failed to beat the Lahore XI because the Pakistani umpires did not award them the penalty corners and strokes they had earned.
However, the Boeing commercial airlines president, Dean Thornton, said in Seattle yesterday that eight airlines had expressed strong interest in the new jet and that 12 more might consider placing orders.
Your only option when sending money at the last minute to arrive by Christmas is to use the banks' electronic money transfer services which take from 24 hours to around five days depending on the bank and whether you use an express transfer.
Your only option when sending money at the last minute to arrive by Christmas is to use the banks' electronic money transfer services which take from 24 hours to around five days depending on the bank and whether you use an express transfer.
The aim was expressed at the launch of a new report reviewing the role and prospects of the small firms sector in the economy, Small Firms in Britain, a publication which in some ways is the government's answer to pressure for a regular ‘report on small business’, similar to the weighty volume published annually in the United States.
Costs of sending £50 abroad by various methods BarclaysLloydsMidland|ONatWestRBS International Money Order£5 £4-- £3 Banker's Draft£9 £8 £6 £7 £6 Electronic Transfer standard £12.50 £8£15 £6 £6 express £12.50£15£15 £7£10 Note (1): Services offered only to existing customers.
THE Anglo-Swedish consortium bidding for Sea Containers, the Sealink ferries-to-Orient Express group, yesterday raised its hostile offer to $1.036billion (£659 million) in a move to scupper James Sherwood's defence plan which involves selling the Isle of Wight service and the port of Harwich.
It is not only the soldiers who express in East German television programmes their outrage at the revelations of corruption of former political leaders.
Under Mr Gorbachev's policies of glasnost and perestroika, Central Asians have also begun to express their resentment at what they see as Russian exploitation of their land during the Stalin and Brezhnev eras.
Although the 1992 reforms are intended to create a single market for labour, as well as goods and services, both the French and West German delegations expressed doubts about the need to control an influx of immigrants.
Inside, the crews expressed their willingness to answer emergency calls and, despite being suspended, said they had no intention of going home.
Earlier, a big split was threatened over the language to be used about German reunification — with President Mitterrand and the Italian Prime Minister, Mr Giulio Andreotti, expressing opposition to a simple reference to German ‘self-determination’.
They spoke about the ‘concerns and worries’ President Gorbachev had expressed about the developments in East Germany in recent days.
The director of the National Consumer Council, Mr Maurice Healy, has also written to the society expressing concern that the advertisements might confuse.
Despite worries expressed by connections last weekend about the fast ground, a stable spokesperson confirmed yesterday that Rusch de Farges will run under top weight of 11st 10lb.
The Daily Express even printed a sneering open letter on the front page at the gall of a selector picking himself.
Bernard Cotton, the England manager, forcefully expressed the view that England failed to beat the Lahore XI because the Pakistani umpires did not award them the penalty corners and strokes they had earned.
Republicans began to express concern yesterday that the President's personal commitment to China, where he was ambassador in 1972, was putting him at odds with public opinion still revolted by the brutal repression in Tiananmen Square.
The boroughs also express fears that redevelopment will mean worsening traffic congestion and the loss of homes and jobs.
The Irish Government, which takes over the Presidency of the European Community at the end of the month has expressed its determination to give higher priority to environmental issues.
Mr and Mrs Lamplugh said: ‘We are naturally disappointed that the council has refused to express a view on the statements we complained about, but has not upheld our complaint because they consider it was not appropriate.’
But none of these volunteers has yet come from those screened out — only 27 have volunteered out of the 4,000 who have gone through the process and been found not to be refugees,’ he told the Sunday Express.
Ben also confirmed the view expressed at the beginning of this piece when he said, quite unprompted, that Roald Dahl's stories, like no other writer's, spoke directly to him.
But O'Neil's line is more for effect than to express any real fears.
It was confirmed that, under the terms of a confidential agreement with the Vietnamese, independent monitoring ‘arrangements’ will be set up in Vietnam, and the hope was expressed that the UN High Commission for Refugees will play a full part in this.
Concern was expressed that large numbers of would-be boat people would start paying cash to ‘unscrupulous people’ when the sailing season started in February.
The presidents of Guatemala, Honduras, Costa Rica, and Nicaragua expressed their ‘decided support’ for El Salvador's President Alfredo Cristiani and issued an ‘urgent call’to the leftwing rebels of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front (FMLN) to cease hostilities and return to the bargaining table.
A small group of Christians also expressed their opposition by demonstrating outside the government's headquarters.
Mr Trippier, who was said to be expressing the views of his constituents, wrote to Mr Kenneth Clarke on November 24 asking him to look again at the original 6.5 per cent pay offer, saying it was not fair.
EXACTLY a year to the day after the Clapham rail disaster, the 6.20am Wessex Electrics express from Poole drew into Waterloo station without a two-way radio in the driver's cab.
The driver of the same express was killed a year earlier when his locomotive careered into the rear of a stationary train from Basingstoke which had stopped to report a signals fault.
On board the same early morning express yesterday from Poole — via Bournemouth, Southampton and Basingstoke — few passengers marked the anniversary of the disaster.
Ten minutes late, the overcrowded 6.20am express rumbled past Clapham Junction.
But as in last week's debate in the House of Lords concern was expressed about retrospective legislation and the practical difficulties of prosecuting alleged war criminals.
Britain will play a full and constructive part in the debate while reflecting the view expressed in all parts of the House that stages two and three of the Delors proposals are not acceptable.’
COMMENT AND FACT Newspapers should not express comment on conjecture as fact and should distinguish between them, but they are free to be partisan.
An active member of the police Superintendents Association, Mr McLean says that at a recent meeting disgust was expressed at the Met's failure to hit back at criticism of this kind — such as the comment by Bernie Grant, MP for Tottenham, that the divisional chief in his constituency was ‘incompetent.’
April: DTI writes to Barlow Clowes' solicitors expressing ‘concern’ about its business: Trade Secretary, Norman Tebbit, says he is ‘mindful to serve notice of his intention to refuse a licence’.
Satisfaction was also expressed by Michael Jordan at Cork Gully and Nigel Hamilton at Ernst & Young, the joint liquidators of the two funds, who have so far recovered £60 million of the £190 million but knew from the beginning that anything like the Government pay-out for BCI was impossible.
The pace of political concessions has surprised even liberal Jordanians, some of whom express concern that the government, in its anxiety to win a parliamentary vote of confidence, has left itself little room for manoeuvre.
Seventhly, if the German states were to express themselves for initiating movement toward German unity, would they be ready to take into consideration the interests of other European states and to seek, on a mutually acceptable collective basis, answers to all questions and problems that might arise in that regard?
Aware of the concern felt by many in his audience of European parliamentarians about the potential power of a united Germany, Mr Shevardnadze went out of his way to express agreement with President Franois Mitterrand that ‘no European country can act without due regard for the European balance, without taking into account the interests of others and the existing historical situation that resulted from the second world war’.
‘In so saying I express no view whatsover as to the correctness or otherwise of the jury's award’.
Declaring that she believed she was speaking for everyone, she expressed gratitude for the splendour of the hospitality provided by La Belle France, thanked the president personally, and added a few more words of the sort which well-brought-up people employ on such occasions.
BRITAIN closed on the two teams ahead of them in the NorTel Southern Cross Cup series when Juno IV finished fourth, Heaven Can Wait seventh and Canon Express tenth in the fourth race yesterday — and there is a protest to be heard against two of the New South Wales team who lead the series, 11.5 points ahead of Australia and 21.5 ahead of Britain, writes Bob Fisher.
None of this stopped President Carter from sending a senior envoy to Bucharest in December 1978 to express his praise for ‘Romania's independence and US-Romanian friendship.’
For Cecilia, however — a young black girl placed in care at 13 because her mother couldn't cope — the fact that she could express anger and upset with her sister, whom she dearly loved, resulted in social workers suggesting a move, ‘for her own good’, to a smaller family-style establishment in the country, miles from the inner city community in which she had grown up.
The new openness expressed in the academic debates, and the latest school textbook, still leaves many issues unanswered.
Submitted another letter from Bob to Housing Dept in which he expresses concern about the effects on the children and asking for us to be re-housed in a safer area.
Kraus, who once defined journalists as people ‘with no ideas and the ability to express them,’ had come to Berlin without his thunderbolts.
The Ombudsman's report notes the liquidator expressed surprise then that Barlow Clowes was operating without a licence.
A similar view was expressed by Mr Lee Wing-Tat, the radical local council leader, who made history by heckling the former Foreign Secretary, Sir Geoffrey Howe, at a lunch last July.
But there is no opportunity to express an opinion other than that of Sajudis.’
They expressed fears of leaving the embrace of what they regarded as the mother party.
Questioned as he left Nato headquarters in Brussels, he said ‘if indeed some loss of life has occurred, I can only express my very profound regret’.
While Democrats in Congress gave support to the President's decision to launch the biggest US military operation since the Vietnam War, Russia expressed ‘deep concern’ for what it dubbed gunboat diplomacy which violated the UN Charter.
The trouble began after spectators carrying flags of the opposition Mohajir National Movement gathered near a high steel fence outside the general enclosure and shouted slogans expressing their opposition to a visit to Pakistan planned by Indian film stars.
But David Graveney, the team's player-manager, expressed some disquiet yesterday at the Sacu's reluctance to reveal details of the tour.
Prime Factor was protested by Britain's Canon Express for an infraction of the basic right-of-way rule on the first leg of the fourth race.
The jury found that Canon Express, on starboard tack, was forced to give way to Prime Factor on port.
A private firm is also trying to start a luxury train — the Occident Express, I suppose — but if it happens the fare will be over 1500 pounds.
As she expressed it: ‘I see two paths inextricably bound to each other, and yet in some curious way almost irrelevant to one another …
It expressed regret for the violence, presumably approved by the leadership of Mr Milos Jakes, with which riot police suppressed the student demonstrations on November 17.
ROMANIAN security troops opened fire on an unarmed crowd with machine guns just down the street from the US embassy in Bucharest, an appalled State Department spokesman announced yesterday, expressing official condemnation of Romania's ‘barbaric oppression’.
‘There've been some fears expressed that we might have an occupation force in Panama,’ said Senate minority leader Mr Bob Dole.
At the end of the current round of the East-West conventional arms talks in Vienna, a diplomat expressed concern that the unrest in Romania might jeopardise negotiations.
Only periodically does Mr Tebbit seem to have looked to Powell as a politician who could express some of his gnawing doubts about the Heath government.
He also expressed concern at private evidence submitted to the committee by American airlines that the US Federal Aviation Administration was waiving its requirement that all hold baggage should be examined because British airport owners would not provide the extra space.
The booklet, including the charter, is based on concerns expressed by transport union members in aviation at a conference organised by the TGWU in September.
He's been writing a column for the Sunday Express, occupying the space most famously enjoyed by John Junor, the laird of Auchtermuchty.
With Eddie Warden Owen 11th in Canon Express, Britain took second place.
Among other things he chastises Renault for their failure to respond to BMW's challenge which led to him losing the 1983 world championship, chides Dennis for his lack of punctuality and disinterest in anything that is not his own idea and expresses his admiration and respect for Niki Lauda, with whom he was partnered in 1984.
At Hexham George Moore introduces Afton Express, once thought to be champion hurdle material, to fences in the Portman Bloodstock Novice Chase.
With the stable now returning to form after a lean spell, Afton Express should go close but I slightly prefer the more experienced RIVER HOUSE (1.15), who jumped well when scoring over the course recently.
The Atlantic and Mediterranean Opens are new events, the latter being sponsored by American Express, and there are four new tournaments in all.
MI5 never replied, GCHQ expressed polite and emphatically arm's length interest, and the CIA offered help, exhibits and the information that the only other museum of spying they know of is in Havana.
Turning up its coat collar in a hard-boiled way, the voice is briefed on its mission —‘leather couches, portraits of the Queen…this must be MI6’— passes a dingy border checkpoint getting its forged passport stamped, studies a spy plane view of Cheltenham, cracks a cipher or two, and spots a glamorous female spy from the window of the Orient Express to Istanbul.
The Orient Express is due to pull in in May.
Professor Lacey expressed his concerns about BST last October.
True Blue (Western Australia) and Sagacious (Australia) were best placed among the one-tonners along with Eddie Warden Owen and Canon Express.
There have been mass demonstrations in some American cities with striking Eastern Airlines employees and telephone workers joining the UMWA to express their solidarity.
Generally hourly Inter-City express service; about 45 minutes Didcot to London.
But now I'm more together, I've a whole lot of other areas in which I can express my feelings, I just hope the songs won't lose anything.
Sometimes, the dis-passionate vocal can express more grief — the wounded, bloodlet voice of a Kristin Hersh, or the muezzin prayer wail of a John Lydon or a David Thomas — an upwardly spiralling peal that emanates from exile, a gaping chasm where SOUL once plumply resided.
The all-prevailing, extended blubber of Passion has become incapable of expressing sickness.
There's Win, still carrying the cheeky pennants and slogans of ‘81, boasting of chewing gum for the ears, expressing admiration for advertising jingles.
He painted this picture of his father-in-law: ‘Over his kindred he held a wary and chary care, which bountifully was expressed when occasion so required, reputing himself not only principal of the family but a general father to them all…as for frank, well ordered and continual hospitality he outwent all show of competence; spare but discreet of speech: better conceiving than delivering; equally stout and kind, not upon lightness of humour, but upon soundness of judgement: inclined to commiseration, ready to relieve.’
Our house building ought to develop naturally…a natural architecture is a rational healthy builder's art expressing itself soberly through the medium of masonry and carpentry.’
The rise of MainMan is also documented by Leee Black Childers who describes his horrendous journey with David across Russia on the Trans-Siberian Express.
And then we bought a copy of the New Musical Express and saw a little ad that went with it.
Over page, travelling ‘Soft’ on the Trans Siberian Express, David still in dressing gown
Every week we got the New Musical Express and looked to see who was playing, and one week I saw a tiny ad for David Bowie at a place called The Country Club on Haverstock Hill which, as it turned out, was like a garage behind a row of shops.
Now, the next gig was weeks ahead at Earls Court in London and there was a choice of sailing round the Cape of Good Hope, going over the Khyber Pass or going on the Trans-Siberian Express.
The quickest and least expensive was the Trans-Siberian Express, although it was a bit of a hassle for me being an American, because Americans are not easily granted visas for Russia.
Anyway, I was told to accompany David on the Express if I could get a visa and off I went to Washington DC to apply for one and they told me absolutely not — I couldn't have one — go away.
Now the Siberian Express is very strange.
After the successful tour of Japan and the trip on the Trans Siberian Express across Russia, stopping off in Moscow to see the May Day Parade, Bowie travelled overland to Paris and met up with Angie.
On the Trans-Siberian Express ‘73
Although the political will has been expressed in vigorous, interesting and dramatic terms at international conferences, in my judgement the political will to follow through that policy right across the globe to a degree that will be effective does not exist.
Fears expressed by these sectors of the economy led to the plan's drafters and the Central Planning Bureau carrying out two impact studies: one based on unilateral action, the other assessing what would happen if other EC countries adopted similar measures.
Without being too sophisticated about its finer points, sustainable development has an obvious, sensible meaning when expressed in terms of a traditional farmer recycling dung and compost to maintain the fertility of his land.
The authors of Blueprint for a Green Economy express the belief that it is possible to put a money value on the benefit of preserving the rare Californian condor, so why not on chalk-hill blue butterflies?
McLeish expressed qualified enthusiasm and Charlie assured him he felt exactly the same about his younger brother.
Peter Yeo winced inwardly, but he was not going to tell Andy Barton that Angela was missing, or express any of his reservations about how much influence Angela could bring to bear.
My conclusions, expressed in the last chapter —‘Venice of the Twenty-First Century?’— have been reinforced by the events that have been taking place in Eastern Europe since the autumn of 1989.
That is now the task of the Chief of Defence Staff and his Central Staff, who are responsible for formulating national military strategy, and for expressing it to the government of the day and within the Whitehall market-place.
Perhaps the greatest impact was made on his thinking by the Commonwealth Prime Ministers’ Conference of that year, when general dismay was expressed about his proposed reductions in overseas garrisons before adequate air-reinforcement capabilities had been built up.
In his summing up at the end of ‘Prospect’, the Chief of Air Staff, Sir Dermot Boyle, publicly expressed the RAF's opposition to the Sandys Reformation.
The US Congress had passed the Eisenhower Doctrine in March 1957, which expressed the US resolve:
Jacques Poos, the foreign minister of Luxembourg (which has just taken over the Community's rotating presidency), expressed the hope that he would be authorised to visit Baghdad on its behalf.
Like the Egyptians, Syria's men come under direct Saudi command, and the Saudis express confidence that they will obey whatever orders are given.
Mr Andreotti, inveterate beneficiary of the existing system, is hostile to Mr Segni's proposals, but has surprised his own party by expressing interest in Mr Craxi's idea.
In private the more cynical express a different view of their task.
Soon to be cheaper by the dozen, if the service's ‘famous whisper section’ was correct on December 31st, are such stocks as Federal Express, PepsiCo, Coca-Cola and McDonnell Douglas.
The shares of Goodyear, a tyre maker, lost 56% last year; Navistar, a lorry maker, fell by 45%; American Express was down 42%; and AT$T and Sears, Roebuck were both down by 34%.
Tellingly, the publicly owned Tennessee Valley Authority is the only utility to have expressed interest recently in nuclear power.
In May 1977, over 50% of Britons expressed confidence ‘in the ability of the United States to deal wisely with world problems.’
As many more could go if parents like General Electric (Kidder Peabody), American Express (Shearson Lehman), Credit Suisse (First Boston) and Prudential Insurance (Pru-Bache) tire of bailing out their subsidiaries.
At the AAAS meeting, he described his efforts to separate music into its components: the methodical, mechanical parts which suit a computer, and the subtler qualities through which a musician struggles to express his soul.
Since the war began, Soviet military commentators, including senior serving officers, have been expressing dismay at seeing Iraq's army, most of whose tanks and aircraft they supplied, pounded so relentlessly and effectively.
Quaker Oats has expressed an interest in buying it.
The concerns expressed by the Chinese leadership are, in my opinion, fully justified.
None of ICI's board members, however, has been ungentlemanly enough to express differences in public.
The bank-controlled Visa and MasterCard networks, with more than 75% of the general-purpose cards market between them, are fighting a discount war with American Express to keep shops and restaurants loyal as recession slows their billings, while fending off powerful non-bank competitors, led by AT&T and Sears Roebuck, who want to join their networks.
Travel insurance and other services that once came only with cards like American Express's gold card became commonplace.
Visa has (since 1989) a rule barring issuers of rival cards, such as Sears and American Express, or any affiliates.
That sentiment, expressed early in the second world war by a journalist called Henry McLemore, epitomised the attitude of many Americans when war broke out in 1941.
Diplomats expressed no more than disappointment at the lack of progress (but that's why they are diplomats).
If they were not told the embarrassing source of these words — and perhaps even if they were — most Asians would give a vigorous nod of approval to the sentiments expressed by Neville Chamberlain when Germany annexed the Sudetenland in 1938: ‘How horrible, fantastic, incredible it is that we should be digging trenches and trying on gas-masks here because of a quarrel in a far-away country between people of whom we know nothing.’
Of the two stronger banks, both from San Francisco, Bank of America, now well recovered from its flirtation with oblivion, has signalled its national ambitions by expressing an interest in parts of what is left of Bank of New England.
With more and more restaurants dropping the expensive charge card, American Express is to lower its fees, but only to those outlets that file charge records electronically.
The financial pressure will simply find another way in which to express itself.
But his Privatisation Express has many features that are lurchingly familiar to the average London commuter.
GE has gone to Ford for ideas on new-product development and employee involvement; to Hewlett Packard for ideas on partnership with suppliers and quality improvement; to Digital Equipment for ideas on asset management; to American Express for ideas on customer satisfaction; to Honda for ideas on product development.
When asked what cars they preferred to drive, most named Mercedes and BMW, with one or two expressing a fondness for private aircraft.
In this line of work, both energies and masses are expressed in electron volts (Einstein showed that masses could be considered as energies).
For FFr100m ($17.5m), American Express has bought a 2% stake in Club Méditerranée, a French group that ranks third among European tour operators, and runs holiday villages in exotic places.
All the most lovely words of love and passion could not express one tenth of what I feel for you.
IN his last letter to Ashcroft Noble, Edward tried to express his thanks to the dying man for the new direction he had given to his life:
In most of his literary reviewing, the fineness of his critical discrimination and the clarity with which he expresses it draws fruitfully on this special shyness.
Already, after a few months' acquaintance, he complained to Harry of ‘this hideous analysis which so masters me’ and he tried to express Helen's profound effect upon him: ‘I always wonder when I look at her or think of her.
He says that some definitions, such as that of ‘place’, do not express the causes of what they define, for there are none.
But other ‘universal things’, such as shape and extension, do have causes, and their definitions must express them.
One might define the lines which form the cube's sides as the shortest distances between pairs of points; but this would not express their motive cause which Hobbes conceives them to have.
But he expresses this by saying that we ‘can proceed no farther by reasoning than to things which must be exposed again to experience or which can be evidenced by means of some appearance’; and this seems to suggest something new.
Our knowledge that all wholes are equal to the sum of their parts, or that any number is either even or odd, presupposes, or is expressed in terms of, the ideas of ‘whole’, ‘part’, ‘number’, ‘evenness’, and ‘oddness’.
He agrees with the ‘more probable opinion…[that]this consciousness is annexed to, and the affection of one identical immaterial substance’, but, expressing his general scepticism about the extent of our knowledge, he says we really do not know the truth of the matter.
The individual settlor must express his wishes to his legal advisors, and they will recommend the most appropriate type of trust to meet the particular situation.
It must be signed by the testator or by some person in his presence and by his express direction.
Lloyd's great achievement had been to weld all the factions into a united team, and doubt was expressed that Richards could maintain the unity.
On that third morning, though, it had been Haynes who led out the home team, since Richards was in the press box breathing fire at Daily Express journalist James Lawton who had asked him for an explanation of the V-sign he had given to his own crowd.
By now, though, he was tired of Barbados, particularly its narrowness of spirit; they expressed their appreciation of his runs by refusing to allow him, as a black man, to practise at Kensington Oval, and he believed there were still those who resented his success and thought him the same ‘bighead’ as at school.
Afterwards, to make an evening of it, I went to the railway station to buy a ticket on the next morning's express to Stockholm.
You can't let him act like that!’ continued the other woman, and Agnes noticed that as she spoke she kept rapidly shaking her head from left to right and right to left, at the same time lifting her shoulders and eyebrows expressing indignant astonishment that someone had refused to respect her friend's human rights.
Without the faith that our face expresses our self, without that basic illusion, that arch-illusion, we cannot live or at least we cannot take life seriously.
She had a lump in her throat and an enormous yearning to say something beautiful to her father, something that could not be expressed by words, and so without quite knowing how it happened she suddenly turned her head and with a smile tossed out her arm in the air, easily, flowing, as if to see each other many more times.
See also Spencer Tracy's Portuguese fisherman in Captains Courageous (1937), Vivien Leigh's Southern belle in Gone With The Wind (1939) and such unlikely nominees as Albert Finney's stage-Belgian (Murder on the Orient Express, 1974) and Alan Arkin's manic Russian (The Russians are Coming, 1966).
Floyd Patterson has expressed dismay over the current treatment.
The Express Traveller
Her position as expressed to me was that if the private sector wanted to use its own money for the tunnel then we should certainly not stand in the way.
The real lesson of the 23 July Cabinet meeting was that, in spite of all the doubts expressed, Margaret Thatcher and Geoffrey Howe stood firm and gave not an inch.
Before I rose to speak, I was asked by the chairman to express to the general their admiration for the  SAS's action.
Again she was nearer the mass of public opinion than the trendy commentators who criticized this old-fashioned way of expressing things.
This last headline did not seem fully to express the collective view of the Shadow Cabinet and the next instalments of the Meacher plans  for social security never appeared — much to our disappointment.
Certainly Paul's experience expressed in Galatians 2.20 is that of Christ's life and love possessing him fully.
We have to confess that Evangelicalism has sometimes, perhaps even often, expressed itself in a hard, legalistic framework leading to a dull and often joyless form of Christianity.
As a ghetto they create their own lifestyles and moral values and often express theologies that are anti-Christian as well as anti-human — pelagian, Arminian and gnostic.
We cannot deny the reality of biblical scholarship and this has to be expressed clearly.
We may well express our enlightened horror at such ideas.
For my part I am not condemning, I am illustrating the fact that the Christian symbiosis between nature and humankind, expressed so well in the Bible, has from time to time been replaced by man's domination of nature with disastrous consequences for both.
God did not depend upon us for his creation; indeed, I have heard it expressed rather forcefully that humankind is not one of God's better experiments!
Others, then, will have to judge whether my views expressed here are consonant with that tradition.
In our case it takes place in the family of Christ's body, the Church, the location in which the sacramental is normally expressed.
Section 27 expresses it well: ‘This once-for-all atoning work of Christ, realized and experienced in the life of the Church and celebrated in the Eucharist, continues the free gift of God which is proclaimed in the gospel.’
For example, how may Evangelicals integrate it with their emphasis on the word expressed in preaching and Bible study?
Just think for a moment of the way love is expressed in our giving.
We only really know love when it is expressed in action; when people demonstrate it.
Let me take you to one twentieth-century Christian who seems to me to express this so vividly.
In it he expressed the view that Jesus was our representative who reconciled us to God.
When two parties meet at ACAS and an agreement is reached it is normally expressed in terms of some contractual agreement which satisfies both sides.
Consider any gift; I would wager that the gift that means most would not necessarily be the most expensive present but the one bought with sacrifice, expressing care and love.
And she recalled one thing with amusement: God and Mammon, side by side at the hotel: a Bible and an American Express application leaflet in her bedroom.
She had never met anyone who expressed her opinions so convincingly and who was so unfailingly wrong about everything as Evelyn.
Jane was not over-enamoured of the French: they were continually expressing themselves (discuter , they called it) which was rather tiring, and she had less than happy memories of a French au pair .
The first party object expressed in Clause IV(1) of the Labour Party's Constitution is:
And only around 25–30% of the Catholic community express support for this option.
Most of them could express themselves with a lilting eloquence which left the English spellbound.
Union members were openly expressing the view that there was a real chance that the ailing division would now pull out of its dive with the Peters' Plan, which had been fully supported by Bunker and a two-thirds majority at the plant.
He shrugged his shoulders, his face expressing his thoughts.
The question was designed to give Klepner the opportunity to express a  contrary view to Sanders, which, in effect, was that there should be no further new investment in the United Kingdom.
And so, he said, were all the shop stewards at his plant, who were expressing the view that, once again, the Merseysiders were taking the law into their own hands, breaking national agreements and overturning official union policy.
‘Well, it's not often the majority express themselves without  some prompting from the shop stewards,’ the convener replied, ‘but in this instance the reaction was instantaneous.
Just like the American Express advertisement.
At these meetings viewpoints were expressed in a suitably detached manner.
By his side, the magnificent cosmetically-engineered Eleanor graphically expressed what she thought of the farewell party through blazing eyes which darted alarmingly under false eyelashes.
The Member who wrote to express his disagreement invited Mark to the House to discuss his reasons for taking the opposite viewpoint.
‘If you believe that, sir,’ said Mark with as much politeness as he could muster, ‘you will naturally not share the concern I have expressed in my papers.
‘You have a nice way of expressing yourself which, I suppose, reflects your industrial background.’
Alison was a travel agent's clerk, although she didn't express it to Nigel like that.
He wished that one of the journalists who'd interviewed him had expressed the substance of his life and work in such up-market, romantic terms.
Express Dairies, the oldest dairy in London , it said.
The Sud Express to Lisbon leaves Paris Austerlitz at nine o'clock every morning.
Next morning, from the Paseo de Gracias station, I took the first express to Zaragoza, passing through the small seaside town of Sitges, which was in later years to become a British hooligan holiday playground.
I took the mid-afternoon express to Valladolid that goes on to Salamanca.
He was a fine writer, essayist and philosopher who wrote The Tragic Sense of Life and who was persecuted by Franco and put under house arrest by Primo de Rivera because of his liberal views expressed fearlessly while he was the Rector of the University.
Among the unpublished poems I wrote at that time there is one that tries to express my feelings of loneliness and abandonment by my beautiful god.
I have always felt that character is most clearly expressed in the back of a person's head, and especially in the nape.
I do not remember now who wrote it, but it is no doubt from a modern German author, perhaps a philosopher, and it expresses exactly my state of mind at the beginning of 1958.
When I gave my first class, Manuela stood up as soon as I entered, and in beautiful English, then in Spanish, expressed the sympathies of the whole class.
The true value of a lifetime's loneliness is then seen as Nothingness, Emptiness, perfectly expressed in the minimal art of traditional ikebana , and in the minimal, marginal existence of the person without ties, without permanent position, situation, family, roots.
One of the last poems we wrote together in Bath expresses perfectly the state of our love at that time.
As the physical brain gets worn out it loses the power to record and express the action of the spirit.
This prompts a further question: how should this indication be expressed?
This belief was fostered by the churches, the floors and walls of which were incised with the records of those who had gone before, but it was expressed positively in the family.
Their rise during the Industrial Revolution was expressed in capital accumulation; the status of the aristocracy still derived from birth and ownership of land.
In a poll of Anglican Clergy undertaken in 1864 only 40% expressed the view that the damned would suffer everlasting torment; it may be assumed that a poll of laity would have disclosed a substantially lower percentage.ii.
In the first decade of the century the Rev. Richard Cecil (1748–1810), a leading Evangelical preacher and one of the founders of the Church Missionary Society, had expressed doubt on this score:
Charles Trevelyan, who was Chief Secretary of the Treasury at the time of the famine in Ireland, regarded the tragedy as due to‘the operation of natural causes’; the unhappy Irish were victims of Providence, as expressed in the laws of supply and demand.
She records that, when his Regt embarked for the Crimean campaign and  fears were expressed for his safety, she took the hopeful view that ‘so much prayer was made for him, we ought to believe that a special providence would be extended over him.
The view expressed in 1829 by the Rev. Richard Whately (1787–1863), who later became Archbishop of Dublin, had become orthodoxy.
Evidence is growing, however, that we have a need to express our grief and that we ignore it at our peril.
As Freud has pointed out, however, children do not normally repress the thought of death, but are more likely to express it in fantasy.
It is well expressed in another extract from Judith Holt's diary:
In his will the Dean expressed the desire that ‘my body may be kept until unequivocal signs of my death shall have taken place…
But she could not express in words what she saw in her head.
But when Charles expressed that as his intention this very day, she softened at once, reminding him that today was his birthday and it would be a pity to spoil it.
The CO's imperceptible sniff managed to express disapproval.
Polished mahogany and blue velvet gave saloon, bedroom, bathroom and kitchen an elegance seldom found in even the most luxurious wagon lits on continental expresses.
He'd just been shown in by a messenger, and the moment the uniformed official had withdrawn, had expressed surprise and displeasure at finding her to be his interviewer.
The human aspirations expressed are modest by comparison, like those of the woman underneath the tree in the midst of the Garden.
Jacob's  ceremonies must surely express his subservience to his brother, as we thought his language of ‘lord’ and ‘servant’might possibly have done earlier.
At this point he does turn to God, but only to show him that he is at his wits' end, and to express his fear.
They expressed a wish to die in the wilderness; they shall have what they asked for.
Similar views have been expressed by Patricia Knight who explored the subject of women and abortion in Victorian and Edwardian England.
In the final analysis, these more sober views were vindicated by events; population continued to increase steadily, after an upward surge in the late 1940s, and some of the views expressed by the Royal Commission on Population were accepted.
Mosley's economic philosophy was quickly expressed in Revolution by Reason (1925).
When this campaign faltered the idea of the ‘popular front’ was extended to include an alliance between the Labour Party, the Liberals and some  dissident Conservative opponents of the National government, such as Winston Churchill, who were expressing their opposition to appeasement with Hitler and Mussolini.
Churchill was soon joined in expressing such a marginal Conservative view by Anthony Eden, one of the leading appeasers of the 1930s.
Pro-Republican Catholics did express their opinions in newspapers such as the Leeds Citizen .
This view has been expressed most effectively in an article by Fleay and Sanders.
whether possible or not, it was never contemplated The Labour party leadership failed consistently to put principle into practice, while the rank-and-file opposition to party  politics, as expressed by the Labour Spain Committee, confused imperatives and failed to effect a radical change of policy.
In fact a series of public opinion polls, conducted between February 1938 and January 1939 revealed that between 57 and 78 per cent of those who expressed an opinion favoured sympathy for the Republican government, and even a willingness to take action against Franco's fascists.
Once the duty is established, the fault element required was expressed as recklessness, and defined thus: ‘a reckless disregard of danger to the health and welfare of the infirm person.
The offence in this was ‘an attempt to place on an aircraft a device likely to destroy or damage the aircraft, contrary to the Aviation Security Act 1982’— an inchoate offence, and one worded without any express reference to the endangerment of lives.
It may be argued that sexuality has a certain uniqueness which is absent from much property: sexuality is an intrinsic part of one's personality, it is a mode of expressing that personality in relation to others, and it is therefore fundamental that one should  be able to choose whether to express oneself in this way — and, if so, towards and with whom.
Secondly, ritual, in addition to mirroring the anxieties of society, also expresses the ordering of society in all its aspects and complexity, and to use the words of Ortner, may be viewed as marking the universal human endeavour to transcend and control the world of nature (amongst other things).
Teilhard de Chardin expressed this understanding of purity not as something passive, but as something both actively gained and worthwhile in itself, in his phrase, ‘Purity does not lie in separation from, but in deeper penetration into, the universe.’
As Jordanova says, ‘Science and Medicine as activities were associated with sexual metaphors which were clearly expressed in designating nature as a woman to be unveiled, unclothed and penetrated by Masculine Science.’
Where desire has been returned to us, it is in the shape of a ‘masculine’ libido which fits us very badly, and even then we have no vocabulary with which to express it.
Delia Marr graphically demonstrates her sincere affection for dogs of all kinds through paintings which seem to express the very soul of her subjects
THE monthly club Muthaland is run by female music journalists and DJs, including Miss Bliss of EC1 Express.
Apart from a cameo role in the ill-fated and so far unreleased Bloodhounds of Broadway , she has not taken a film role since the poorly conceived Shanghai Express and Who's That Girl .
The striped jacket with coned bra she wears for ‘Express Yourself’ is, says Gaultier, ‘a mix of masculine and feminine, suit and sex’.
Black swimsuit by Azzedine Alaia, 27 Fulham Rd, London SW3: black boots, PVC jacket and American Express neck chain, all by Jean Paul Gaultier from Junior Gaultier, Newburgh St, W1; rings by Du Du Du from Paris flea market
Margaret Atwood's The Handmaid's Tale is a strange, almost dreamy novel about the wild feelings, memories and wayward emotions of a woman who can't express them because she's not allowed to have them.
Housemartins fans — whipped into an anti-dance frenzy by the ‘Hang The DJ’ dribblings of Morrissey — often expressed a desire to fill Norman Cook in, seeing him as a traitor.
Worse, he's spent the last hour with someone from the Daily Express .
Sir, May I express through your columns Sends a Cow's gratitude to the many people in our beleaguered industry who generously supported us at the Royal Show this year.
Among them he indicated the need for genetic indices to be expressed in £ value —‘farmers seem to understand the £ sign very quickly’.
However, even when the genetic indices are expressed in money terms, farmers and their advisers will need help to interpret them for their own individual situation in these early days.
And instead of an Eiffel Tower such as expressed the surging self-confidence of the late-nineteenth-century Paris exhibition, the symbol of the Festival was the Skylon, a useless but elegant exclamation mark supported in thin air by thin cables — like Britain, somebody said, without any visible means of support.
Many people expressed it.
Pious shock and horror was expressed at this frailty in the face of temptation — far more so than at the evidence that men behaved in the same way.
People who are on intimate terms are incapable of expressing themselves to each other,’ said the thin, melancholy Feiffer.
In a revealing article, ‘Men Really Don't Like Women’(Look magazine) he expressed himself capably, though pessimistically, enough: ‘The American woman is a victim.
‘It's OUR H-Bomb!’ screamed the Daily Express headline after the British test at Christmas Island, which put paid to the still lively hope that the nuclear club would not extend beyond the two super-powers.
He must simply have said it for effect; after all, dramatic effects were clearly his favourite way of expressing himself.
Mungo knew the question sounded lame, but how else to express his lingering uncertainty about Vic's behaviour?
Before I could twist my face into anything faintly resembling a sneer, the vendor explained that there were four such structures in a similar state of repair and that a Frenchman had expressed great interest.
You can express yourself by planting in ancient wooden wheelbarrows or new ones made of the purpose.
Florence Ames wanted them to meet, as they had always met so regularly, sharing a common isolation never expressed.
Boal sought and received assurances from a number of leading Unionists that they would join such a movement but, when the Ulster Democratic Unionist party was launched on 30 October 1971, many of those who had expressed interest were absent.
It is difficult to exaggerate the strength of Protestant feeling about this issue and it is worth quoting Allister's statement of the views expressed by many of the people I interviewed:
Even those who are active in the Party expressed concern at the diversion of energies from their primary task of building the Church.
Yet they could hardly express their resentment in terms of thwarted personal ambition and so preferred to see their fate as a result of ideological changes in the Party.
There was the ubiquitous Triptych, now a four-year-old: she had won only one race in the 1986 season but had been placed in the Coronation Cup (beaten a short head by Saint Estephe), the Coral-Eclipse Stakes, the King George, the Matchmaker International at York (beaten threequarters of a length by Shardari) and the Phoenix Champion Stakes (third to Park Express).
While recovering in hospital he received a thoughtful telegram from Queen Mary, who expressed herself ‘very sorry indeed to hear of your sad accident caused through the abominable behaviour of a brutal, lunatic woman’.
Charles Benson in the Daily Express on the morning of the race had baldly written: ‘Foinavon has no chance.
There were so many ways she wanted to tell him this, all of them inadequate to express her feelings.
It was the only way she could express it, remembering Justinette's assertions of how she had experienced altered states of consciousness this way.
I need more certain light in which to catch and express the sense of exultation which has suddenly come upon me.
The manner in which one says or writes things, those public and therefore never totally adequate ways in which we seek to express our private or inner emotions, always has an implicit as well as an explicit content.
I have a duty to myself and to my reader to express what follows with truth and dignity.
Her femininity was expressed in the slightest tilt of her dark head or the most inconsiderable movement of her shiny boots beneath the table.
The danger of writing when you are abnormally tired — as well as bitterly cold — is that you can too easily lose control by digressing too far from the important things that need to be expressed free of any other clutter.
But a distaste for gossip should not be construed as a total reluctance to express the truth about another person's behaviour when no possible alternative exists as a way of defending myself.
‘But a distaste for gossip', he read, glinting with agreement, ‘should not be construed as a total reluctance to express the truth about another person's behaviour when no possible alternative exists as a way of defending myself.
I can therefore understand why at that awful moment he should seek to summon up a talisman of words, a secret defence against abomination, or perhaps even an excuse in the form of some kind of precedent that a word expresses and so takes the edge of uniqueness off the contemplated evil.
Only by a stupendous act of imagination, only by actually putting myself in his skin in that room at that time can I even begin to attempt any sort of answer which moves by the smallest degree away from the natural responses of disgust and revulsion which all of us instinctively wish to express.
I cried over that old letter, that fragment of academe, because it said in part what I had wanted, then wanted and still want to say to you and only to you, and because it expressed in part some of the physical ache and fear and disappointment I had felt, then felt and still (in an increased measure) feel.
I thought at first that the sound, the terrorized shriek, was my last spurt, expressing itself.
He does so not only on the Queen's express instructions, he knows the Queen's mind.
‘Poor things, no life of their own,’ they say, simultaneously thrilled and appalled as they pore over the latest ‘revelations’in the Mail or Express .
The speeches of Prince Philip on the preservation of wildlife, of Prince Charles on modern architecture or inner city deprivation, gain entry to the newspapers and television news bulletins automatically, although the sentiments they express are unexceptional, the ideas unoriginal and their delivery undramatic.
Sir Larry Lamb of the Sun , Sir John Junor of the Sunday Express , Sir David English of the Daily Mail , Lord Matthews of Express Newspapers and Lord Stevens of United Newspapers, all owe their handles to political loyalty.
Their loyalty was therefore to some profounder vision of Britain than that expressed in mere party politics.
From the devil's power, from planetary fate, Christ is redeemer, and his values as expressed in, for example the ‘Beatitudes’(Matt. 5) are a reversal of those current in society.
A particularly influential and characteristic tract is his Against Praxeas , a Christian who came from Asia Minor to Rome to express opposition both to the pluralistic theology of Justin and Hippolytus and to any recognition that Montanist prophecy might be an authentic work of the Paraclete.
Thanks to their extensive plagiarism from the Old Testament, Clement argued, Plato and the Greek philosophers had found out many true things and expressed them in beautiful language.
Disturbed bishops gathered in synod at Antioch to express their disapproval.
The hand is a strong one, and the sentiments, emphasizing the apostolic succession of bishops, are magisterially expressed.
The occupation of Denmark and Norway, carried through with unexpectedly low losses and seen as a major blow for Britain, was celebrated as a ‘great success for the bold, determined policy of the Führer’, whose birthday in April 1940 saw propagandists struggling to find new superlatives to express the ‘unshakeable loyalty’ of his ‘following’.
‘People always want to see how the Führer looks, whether he is serious or laughing,’ and had expressed disappointment that they had not even heard his voice for a long time in the newsreels, for, as one report put it, ‘the words of the Führer are gospel for the people’.
In fact, there was much sympathy expressed for the Führer who had this to suffer on top of all his other worries.
Nevertheless, though the currents of genuine popular opinion are now even more difficult to evaluate than they had been earlier, given the intensified persecution from 1942 onwards of even relatively trivial ‘offences’ of criticizing the regime or ‘subverting’the wartime ordinances, every sign points towards the growth in this period of a ‘silent majority’increasingly critical of the Nazi regime — even if the criticism was often only obliquely expressed — and ready to blame it for the mounting miseries of the war.
This time, however, conservative, bourgeois, and intellectual circles were said to be voicing ‘still carefully expressed fears about a certain legal insecurity in future’.
But when no announcements of conclusive victory emerged in the following few weeks, people began — as was reported towards the end of October — to express their impatience that the struggle for Stalingrad was taking too long and costing too many lives.
Already towards the end of January, when it was made known that German troops were encircled in Stalingrad, the unease registered in numerous reports merged into critical comment expressing fundamental doubts about the necessity of the war with Russia and now also about the truth of Hitler's explanations for the war.
Party reports — usually more coloured and ‘loyal’ than any other type of report in their avoidance of criticism of the leadership — from all parts of Germany confirmed the ‘especially dangerous’signs that people were now ‘daring to express open criticism of the person of the Führer and to attack him in hateful and mean fashion’.
Reports were now reaching the SD that people — especially those attached to the Churches — were expressing the hope that the Wehrmacht would take over running the State, and that there would be a final victory for Germany but not for National Socialism.
But the SD added that in the areas tormented by allied bombing the trust of the people was expressed ‘with more reserve’, and non-attendance at the celebrations was carefully excused by saying ‘that it shouldn't be taken amiss if, despite all our love for the Führer, we can't celebrate his birthday this year with the usual joy’.
In the light of such reflections of opinion, stereotype reports that people ‘with insight’ were saying the Führer could not be aware of the extent of the damage, otherwise more extensive rescue operations would have been deployed, or that people were looking ‘full of trust’to the Führer and expressing the wish that he should stir them up and strengthen their faith, have a hollow ring to them.
It is commonly assumed that the strategy of ‘area bombing’— indiscriminate attacks on largely civilian target ‘areas’, usually in city centres — failed in its express aim of undermining and destroying the morale and will to resist of the German people and instead merely stimulated such an intense hatred of the enemy that the bonds between regime and people were strengthened, not weakened.
Other reports in this district spoke of the reluctance of the population to express any opinion; in one place, farmers, hearing the news of the attempt in a pub, sat ‘dumb at the tables’ and ‘no one dared to say anything’.
The wish for a quick end to the war is expressed generally.’
The difficulties of reaching an unequivocal evaluation of the impact of the bomb-plot on attitudes towards Hitler can be seen, too, from a consideration of letters of ordinary soldiers from the Front, where evidence can be found both of a revival, if temporary, of faith in Hitler, and of extreme anti-Hitler feelings expressed despite the censorship.
From late 1922, however, extreme anti-Marxism — now often without the express linkage to the Jews — began to take over as a dominant theme of his speeches.
No one, of course , could have imagined that the boycott was proceeding without Hitler's express support.
In this climate, Goebbels's essay, ‘The Jews are Guilty’, in Das Reich , with its express reference to Hitler's ‘prophecy’, was said by the SD do have ‘found a strong echo’ in the population, with critical comments coming from church-going circles.
The extreme anti Jewish sentiments expressed in letters from soldiers at the Front, though evidently a small minority of the overall services’ mail, also sometimes included direct references to Hitler's stance on the ‘Jewish Question’, interpreting the war in classical Nazi fashion as a struggle brought about by the Jews and destined to end in their destruction.
In response to his prompting remark that ‘the Jewish problem still hasn't been cleared up’ and ‘we hear nothing at all about what sort of solution is imagined’, only three Party members (5 per cent) expressed open approval of the right to exterminate the Jews, with comments such as : ‘The Führer has decided upon the extermination of Jewry and promised it.
It is in this last capacity that Hitler's image as perceived by his loyal ‘following’— functioning within the framework of ‘charismatic politics’— played its crucial role, as not only the leaders of Party and State, but those in responsible intermediary positions — whether for ideological reasons or for a variety of careerist or other motives little related in essence to principled hatred of Jews —‘read’ Hitler's vaguely expressed ‘intent’as a green light for radicalizing actions which developed their own dynamic and momentum.
In the book The Shell Seekers by Rosamunde Pilcher, one of the main characters expresses this trepidation well.
If there are children involved people often express some concern for them, but it is unusual for the circle of care to extend any further.
You make a cup of tea for a friend who has called around to express their condolences only to find as you pour it out, that there is no tea in the pot.
We need now to look at what triggers people into expressing grief, at what moment someone realizes that they have lost something.
It is difficult for them to understand the fear that is being expressed unless they share it themselves, when there will be a mutual clinging.
Having looked briefly at some of the background to anticipated grief and why it occurs we need to consider how it gets expressed when someone is expected to die.
Other issues that develop are concerned with caring people who wish to help relatives and friends express their grief.
Many books published in the last decade or so seem to underline the importance of ‘anticipatory grieving’, with the result that relatives and friends can be forced into expressing emotion they may not yet be ready to express.
She was being looked after at home by her children and there was a great deal of anxiety being expressed by all the carers involved as to what would happen to the children.
This story should not imply that there was not still a great deal of grief to be expressed by the children, but it serves to demonstrate that enforced anticipatory grief can do a great deal of harm if the timing of it is interfered with.
This of course does not deny the grief that will be expressed, but it often acts as a strong trigger for its positive expression in a healthy way.
He felt a great deal of anger towards his wife and really wanted to express it to her but she had cheated him, as he saw it, by deliberately having an accident and dying and therefore depriving him of having the opportunity to say what he felt.
The survivor finds it impossible to start expressing any feelings at all because they are so confusing, challenging and unsafe.
In the first chapter we looked at notions of timely and untimely grief and we saw that although the reaction to loss is the same whether or not we are expecting someone to die, the way it will be expressed does very much depend on whether it is something we might expect.
In general it can leave children with their natural curiosity expressed by the neverending ‘why’ questions of childhood, being squashed by the inability of adults to discuss in any other way what has really happened, and so the child learns that whatever has really happened is just too awful to be talked about.
We have talked a lot about the way grief is expressed and a little about various forms of grief.
Again this is a common and ‘normal’ reaction, but many people feel so ashamed of thoughts like these that they hardly dare express them unless they feel safe enough to do so and trust the person they are talking to sufficiently for such a revelation to seem acceptable.
This we may express, indeed, in a few words, but it should influence us throughout all our treatment of horses; for a horse will more readily take the bit, if, when he has taken it, something pleasant results to himself; and he will leap across ditches, and jump over obstacles, and comply with our wishes in all other respects, if he looks forward, when he has done what is required of him, to some indulgence.
Each horse has its own individual language, and the same meaning can be expressed in a number of different ways.
Many horses may do one thing, but others will do something quite different to express the same emotion.
Its intensity usually expresses its importance, and the context in which it is used (commonly in association with body language) gives its meaning.
Most importantly, we need to avoid situations where the horse is likely to express its aggression towards us, at least until the horse has learnt to respect and like us to some extent.
I was starting to make close friendships, express more anger — in fact I didn't feel empty at all but full, full of plans and ideas and feelings and senses.
I know that the teenage years I describe are years when feelings about your self-image are more intense than any other, and I wanted to give young women themselves the chance to express what these feelings are.
The pleasures can be for yourself: experimenting with make-up and clothes, looking different from one day to the next, expressing different sides to yourself.
We had talked already over the telephone about her radical decision a few months ago to begin wearing the traditional Muslim dress, and how relieved she had felt since changing what she wore, feeling that she was ‘expressing something she had felt all along’.
But it comes down to how openly you want to express yourself as a Muslim.
Also I'd like to be taller and be able to afford to spend more money on clothes that would ‘express my personality’.
Sometimes a girl is in conflict with her culture or religion in how she wants to dress and express herself, as Sneha (Chapter 7) describes; sometimes a young woman enjoys dressing a certain way but discovers that there are prejudices and stereotypes about the way she wants to look; conflicts that might come from within, or from her family, her job, or the outside world.
Yet it was that which struck me more than anything, remaining unspoken (and unwritten) but powerful and obvious: how each young woman chose to express herself and her individuality through how she looked became an essential subtext to the book.
The relationship between the orientation of alignment of the two sides is normally expressed in hours of the clock.
But the gap in the columns showing the cult image is the convention adopted by the die engraver to convey the essential nature of the temple and the identity of its cult, or perhaps to express the epiphany of the god.
For each site the coins were divided up into different periods and expressed as a percentage of the total number of coins recovered.
We pioneered the technique well before it became used on so large a scale by giants like American Express and Reader's Digest.
Incidentally, much of the success of direct mail lies in the fact that, apart from bills, most of the population get no mail at all and people are delighted to get a letter that expresses interest in them, concern about them and opens the door for further contact and involvement.
‘Almost all of human drama is there’, cried the London Daily Express ,
Part of the difficulty was that the cause, so sentimentally longed for, could not be expressed in sentimental terms.
The coach was the Dublin to Derry Express.
It must be said that Cardus's review expressed the reservation that there was, perhaps, some sameness of carriage and accent in each of the three performances, whether it was the First Symphony, the Seventh, or the Apollonian Fourth (a reading Karajan later modified); but his review characteristically paints a picture, sets the scene for the absent reader:
Goethe once said: ‘I would be able to commit all crimes in my life if I did not have the possibility to express them.’
This was where I could best express myself.
Mozart once said, ‘Passions, whether violent or not, must never be expressed in such a way as to excite disgust.’
She only has to express a hint of yearning for a food, fad or fantasy for her fans to start racing after them too.
Mum Carol encouraged all of her children to express themselves but was never the ‘pushy showbiz mum’.
Mr Browning had expressed himself surprised that she had failed to recognise and acknowledge the consideration for herself and her well-being which had influenced their decision about Ferdinando.
But still the urge to express her feelings tormented her and at last, in defiance of that dislike she had felt on their last meeting, she sat down and wrote to the person to whom she had once been most close, to Mrs Browning.
Wilson, writing to Mr Browning to report how his self-imposed charge fared, expressed the opinion that — he is not exactly mad, sir, begging your pardon, as unable to remember himself.
Then she ran to find Ferdinando to tell him and they embraced and it was he who said, ‘She is an angel!’ of Mrs Browning and Wilson realised she had expressed not a word of gratitude.
Write Ellen and by express even telegram for which I will pay in order that I might have the relief of knowing you have understood and all is clear.
There was no doubting her sister's passion as she struggled to express her resentment, writing:— on my life Lily I declare I want only what is best for the child and would not be Cruel to him nor the cause of Cruelty and what you asked was Cruel the child knowing no Italian and being Fearful of leaving me the only Mother he has known and who he loves as his own.
It was important for Oreste's sake to keep good relations and so with a good deal of lip-biting and general effort of control she finally wrote to her sister in most moderate terms expressing surprise, confessing intense distress, but apportioning no blame.
Some Ajdabiyans expressed discontent at the muddle and disorder of that troubled week.
Reluctance was a diffuse prejudice rather than a lobby, and he could deal with the people who expressed reluctance one by one.
This was so even when the Libyan masses expressed spontaneous enthusiasm for some measure or decree of the government.
And then: why do Libyans express their opposition to their government in this and not some other way?
These higher-order shaikhs had no power to intervene in the affairs of component lineages, although again, as senior and widely connected men, they had other roles which could entitle them to express an opinion.
Zuwaya did express tensions between fathers and sons, some arising from the use of authority; they expressed others in the formal segregation of fathers and sons contained in the word tahashshum : shame or shyness should exclude money, women and relaxed pleasure from their interaction.
Qaddafi himself, although he is prepared to naturalize immigrants to Libya, expresses strong reservations about states created largely by immigration.
Libyans knew of civilians imprisoned, officers hanged or shot for voicing opinions contrary to the regime, and they took care not to expose themselves by expressing hostility or opposition in public.
They were born of frustration and powerlessness, expressed resentment at contradictions between rhetoric and practice in an idiom which was sustained by modern technology and strengthened by its effectiveness in legitimate affairs.
Rotary generations take many forms, however they are all based upon rhythmic rotation through an angle and could be expressed graphically as a waveform along a time axis.
The emotional content of a spiral is expressed through a combination of at least two properties: is it opening or closing, slowly or rapidly?
These patterns are associated with the Coriolis force that expresses the Earth's rotation.
Arrows provide a second linear means of expressing movement, and therefore the passage of time upon a canvas.
The arrow, expressed as a wedge form, can minimise turbulence and drag in supersonic flight and in automobiles travelling beyond about 75 mph (120 km per hour).
The quality of edges, and therefore the lines that express them, is conditioned by the manner in which a surface retreats from the observer.
An edge expresses a change of spacial quality from one density to another.
Perspective, the visual effect of distance, was first expressed in cave drawings.
In some art forms, such as music and cinema, kinetic energy can be employed to express its own dynamic.
A meticulous hierarchy expressed through a maximum interpenetration of simple forms invigorates a structure.
In the arts, elasticity is usually expressed by attenuation or flexure of a previously established grid: eg, a square pattern becomes a diamond pattern.
The duality of forces is expressed by movement and change.
The positive forms of living creatures express the internal pressure of their circulatory systems.
Their occurrence seems to be cyclic and may well express the evolution of levels of consciousness.
Inside the home it continues to express the status and intimate preferences of the occupants.
Surkov: ‘Discussion with rifles, as Lenin expressed it.’
Didn't passion arise from a clash of extremes rather than the equal union she and Dmitri shared — and which they were expressing in this long, unmoving screw?
A man, if he needs to express masochistic impulses, must put a great deal more effort and imagination into it.
I expressed these feelings, in a censored form still more sympathetic to Surkov.
Her eyes expressed incredulity that Anna hadn't reached the menopause.
None of this left much room for openly expressed admiration for other countries, particularly small and peripheral ones.
This only makes it the more significant that contempt and disdain were very far from the whole story of foreign attitudes, and where they were expressed there was normally some particular reason for it.
He also lavishly praised the king, James IV, for his learning, love of his religion, humanity and political skill, although he expressed grave and prophetic doubts about the courage which toppled over into foolhardiness in war.
Lennox, despite his anti-English position, would find it intolerable to be a member of the Beaton faction; within a few weeks, he would go over to the pro-English party, his hopes of his marriage to Margaret, daughter of Angus and Margaret Tudor, and of English recognition of him as heir-presumptive, should Arran break with England, weighing more with him than the desire for liberty and honour expressed in the July bond.
The situation was rather more fluid than this suggested; ‘almost’ might have been better expressed as ‘not sufficiently’.
In 1555, it was punishable only ‘according to the quality of the fault in their bodies and goods at the Queen's Grace's pleasure’— that is, there was now an element of doubt expressed about the exaction of the extreme penalty.
To an American observer, preachers were ‘the very mouthpieces of their congregations, expressing for them their better selves, the very voice of their inmost hearts so that the whole congregation found itself raised above its ordinary self’.
Victorians, who had yet to discover the stiff upper lip and the view that religion had always to be a serious matter, were passionate people who expressed their feelings freely and often loudly.
When a reply arrived which simply said, ‘The Private Secretary is commanded to express the thanks of The Queen for the kind message of congratulation which you have forwarded to Her Majesty’, the assembly rose to its feet and cheered.
As in so many things, the ways of the Victorians, while looked on with horror in late twentieth-century England, have survived in America; unashamed fervour in holding and expressing religious and patriotic beliefs which easily blend into one another is but one example.
Simplicity and ceremonial seem to express the changing pattern of Nonconformist worship but that worship was only part of a wider search for dignity, a dignity which was mainly realized in the new and improved buildings Nonconformity was erecting up and down the country.
In 1898 the Baptists expressed their ‘sympathy with the people of the United States in their honourable resolve to put an end to the intolerable oppression by Spain in the Island of Cuba.’
He had better luck when sending a cablegram to the American President who replied, ‘The President deeply appreciates the friendly sentiment expressed by you on behalf of the influential body which you represent.’
Not to be outdone the Wesleyan Methodists rejoiced in 1898 ‘in the growing sense of kinship that marks our relations with the United States’, expressed their ‘warmest sympathy’ with America's efforts to ‘disburden suffering peoples of the pitiless and truculent misgovernments under which they have groaned’and rejoiced that ‘In fusing together the two great divisions of the Anglo-Saxon race, the Churches have played the chief part although’, they added as a reprove to their more ‘political’friends, the Baptists and Congregationalists, ‘like their Lord, they do not cry nor uplift their voice in the highways of International politics’.
This was expressed by Crick as the ‘central dogma’ of molecular biology, that information can pass from DNA to protein, but not from protein to DNA.
The basic view is best expressed by Skinner himself: ‘A person disposed to act because he has been reinforced for acting may feel the conditions of his body at such a time and call it ‘felt purpose'’, but what behaviourism rejects is the causal efficacy of that feeling.’
The first person clearly to express this idea was the German physiologist Hermann von Helmholtz, who wrote in 1866 that to see things is to form ‘unconscious conclusions from analogy’: by an analogy he meant a pre-existing theory, or model, of what the world is like.
Nor was my father in any way unusual in his opinions, though he was unusually fierce in the vehemence with which he expressed them.
His anxiety was that the cost of unification would cripple the West German economy, an anxiety I was to hear expressed on several occasions.
When I was unable to finish the heaped plateful, the waitress expressed concern that I had not enjoyed one of their local specialties; two, I felt, would have killed me.
It is an extract from Act no. 18 of the parliament of 1848 and reads: ‘Censorship having been abolished forever, freedom of the press re-established, each may freely convey and express his thoughts through the press.’
Pascal goes some way towards this recognition when he observes: ‘I  see, in truth, that the same words are applied on the same occasions, and that every time two men see a body change its place, they both express their view of this same fact by the same word, both saying that it has moved; and from this conformity of application we derive a strong conviction of a conformity of ideas.
Both these appointments were expressed to be rewards ‘for assistance against the rebels’.
Fru Møller was at her desk, ‘on the bridge’, as she expressed it.
She would never be able to express how much.
However, within minutes, Bertha — who like her mother processed Fru Møller's wishes almost before her employer had expressed them — arrived at the table with an ice bucket, half a bottle of non-vintage champagne and Fru Møller's compliments.
He was not to know that because she never spoke about her feelings, she could not express them on demand.
The Gold Cup has had a greater than usual bearing in the Grand National build-up this year, with Cool Ground, the winner, and Docklands Express, the close third, renewing rivalry.
The change in conditions has added to the confidence behind Docklands Express and Brown Windsor.
Both have run in a previous Grand National, Brown Windsor finishing a remote fourth when favourite two years ago, and Docklands Express a first-fence faller 12 months ago.
Since that lapse, Docklands Express has won the Whitbread Gold Cup (controversially, on the disqualification of Cahervillahow) and the Racing Post Chase, and finished second in the King George VI Chase in addition to his fine Gold Cup display.
AN OUNCE of luck is always welcome in racing and I have to admit that I feel the most fortunate man around this morning having been asked to ride Docklands Express in the Grand National — a race I have never won.
The whole story is that I was asked to ride Docklands Express, Cool Ground, Auntie Dot and Bonanza Boy in home gallops for the television cameras and then to compare the quartet.
Also, Anthony Tory, regular jockey for Docklands Express, had been having trouble with his shoulder for a while, and Mark Perrett, another of the horse's regular riders, had been claimed for Rubika.
I can remember vividly the whole episode with Docklands Express.
When I rode Docklands Express in his work, I was thinking I would probably be having my fourth Grand National ride on Bonanza Boy — then there were reports of rain across the country, which made me feel quite satisfied to be on Martin Pipe's runner.
However, when I got to Liverpool on Thursday and saw the state of the ground, instead of thinking about such horses as Laura's Beau, Rubika and Cool Ground as the major chances, suddenly it was the good-ground types such as Docklands Express who re-entered calculations.
But Martin Pipe is a realist, and never for a moment did he stand in my way when the Docklands Express ride came up.
I suppose I am in a good position to weigh up the prospects of the major contenders in today's race, at least, and I have no hesitation in declaring my delight at being on Docklands Express.
On the Form Book and after riding him, I consider Docklands Express to be a first-class prospect.
It may well be, but the question of how much the Gold Cup took out of Cool Ground and Docklands Express will only be answered when the heat is on.
THE two remaining places in next season's Pizza Express National League will be settled tomorrow when four teams set out to join Harleston Magpies and Beeston, who have already qualified.
Victory for Old Kingstonians at home to Oxford Hawks, the Peroni South League champions (2pm), will take them into the Pizza Express while defeat will put them in the South League, which has absorbed the London League.
Anthony Tory, who misses the ride on Docklands Express, is believed to have pulled a muscle in the back of his neck or to have displaced some vertebrae.
As a consequence of Peter Scudamore's switch to Docklands Express, Steve Smith Eccles, 36, who has had only three rides since returning from injury, was confirmed as the rider of Bonanza Boy, running in the National for the fourth successive year.
Yesterday's many developments — including the confirmation of Scudamore's booking and the likelihood of drying ground — have prompted Coral's to cut Docklands Express, my selection, to 8–1 from 11–1 and he is their new favourite.
The Football Supporters Association, who are pressing for a rethink on the Taylor Report, have received a letter from the Premier League's chairman, Sir John Quinton, expressing his opposition to all-seat stadiums.
The Rough Guide for Morocco, for instance, suggests that it may help to take along an apparently disinterested friend to the shop or bazaar: in an effort to hurry the deal along, your friend is supposed to express the desire to leave.
Docklands Express, which will be ridden by the champion jockey, Peter Scudamore, became the Grand National favourite at 8–1 after Adrian Maguire, 20, broke his shoulder in a fall yesterday and lost his ride on Cool Ground, which drifted to 9–1.
Local and international conservationists joined many Namibians in expressing outrage at the suggestion.
In 1976, there was Bugsy Malone, the first of many award-winners: Midnight Express, Chariots of Fire, Local Hero, Cal, The Killing Fields and The Mission.
I am making a speech tomorrow about film makers and journalists and the absolute obligation both of us have to express the truth about the complexity of the world.’
‘Though I'm sometimes so conscious of lack of technique, it's also quite exciting to find a way of expressing what you see in a person in lines.
That I could express nothing if I didn't have the technique to do so.
In pursuance of this nonsense, you not only hear those few callers who succeed in getting through, you're also subjected to a cheery stream-of-consciousness summary of the grievances expressed by all the rest.
But Birse Group chairman Peter Birse says: ‘Civil engineering has tightened up recently and big projects such as the Jubilee Line extension and the Heathrow express link have not got going.
Fears have been expressed that timber cladding could suffer from Britain's cold and damp climate, but the location on the south bank of the Thames estuary at Thamesmead should test the method to extreme: in winter the fog rolls in directly from Denmark.
The Renault Safrane presents itself as an executive express, so this was an appropriate exercise, involving poorly-surfaced roads in Czechoslovakia, the smooth by-ways of Austria and Switzerland, and Germany's limit-free autobahns.
Laura's Beau, one of four Irish-trained runners, battled on to take third place, 15 lengths away, while Peter Scudamore's mount Docklands Express, the 15–2 favourite, was eight lengths farther back in fourth.
It was noticeable that Docklands Express and Cool Ground were both together in the middle of the field, neither having yet made a move.
Docklands Express was travelling well three fences from the finish, but tired soon after, while Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Cool Ground could finish only 10th.
If foreign investors do express interest, ITN may raise new equity to strengthen the business.
But never mind the risk, feel the quality — that's why he's doing it: ‘People pay great attention to the nose and the palate, and too often neglect one of our major senses: the tactile sensations of form, texture, density, and volume express the vitality of a wine.
Travel — Holidays On The Move: All aboard the friendship express Christopher Zinn travels through one of the world's most remote regions, but finds he is never alone
The vast distances of central Asia; the slow speed of the so-called expresses, and the intimate but comfortable confines of hard-class sleepers conspire to banish the gulfs of language and culture between passengers.
Lord Whitelaw said that he could not be associated with ‘the very extreme views which he has expressed’.
The academics' letter to The Independent, for which signatures were gathered over the past fortnight, expressed dismay at the damage it said had been inflicted on universities and polytechnics since 1979.
The bookseller expressed no surprise that Mr Mitterrand, a client of 40 years' standing, should go browsing on such a crucial day.
‘Don't give that man the benefit of any more conversation,’ he snapped as Miss Hall moved to answer an entirely reasonable question from Bruce Anderson of the Sunday Express.
It is not just his verbosity, his inability to make any statement or express any idea, briefly and in plain English.
I will still benefit whenever my works are played on television or the wireless as well as in the 500 chosen venues, which include the Albert Hall, Wembley Stadium and Pizza Express.
We must teach our children to play, not necessarily to win; to express themselves; to make the ball a friend, relish its closeness and use their imagination.
OLD Kingstonians and Brooklands became the final qualifiers for next year's Pizza Express National League, winning their play-off matches yesterday to earn places in the Second Division.
Mr Atkins has, on his visits to the school, expressed his admiration for the involvement of the school in the community and the school is grateful for his co-operation, advice and support.
Her agent says advertisers have expressed interest and that he has a ‘substantial number’ of offers he plans to present later this month.
Mr Taylor must ensure a sceptical public understand that it is to obtain these securities for their less fortunate brethren that the highly-paid Premier League players have been asked to express a willingness to strike.
Besides Andy Adams, robbed by a broken leg of the winning ride on Party Politics, three other jockeys Anthony Tory (Docklands Express), Adrian Maguire (Cool Ground) and Mark Perrett (Rubika) were painfully put out of action on the first two days.
Passing Anchor Bridge, Peter Scudamore — who had taken Anthony Tory's place on Docklands Express — and the National's most regular ‘bridesmaid’ Chris Grant, on Stay on Tracks, were both plenty close enough.
Anthony Tory, prevented from partnering Docklands Express by injury, was next on, seeking solace.
PETER SCUDAMORE (Docklands Express): ‘I got a wonderful ride off him.
It was a great thrill to ride Docklands Express and he jumped superbly.
Each family member had his own way to express his sense of disorientation.
Car-makers are pessimistic about an upturn this year and are expressing concern about the effect of a Labour government's economic policy on the industry.
Its shares dropped 5 p.c. on news that the problems, which stem from a big push in the late 1980s for free-trade business, have worsened significantly since chief executive Peter Jarvis expressed concern at the interims last year.
These cover the new distribution deal with Federal Express as well as further stock write-downs in the United States.
Alison Dare paid her first visit to the course and extended her advantage in the Women's Championship when winning the Ladies race on Mendip Express.
Mendip Express, who was winning his 37th race, started at slight odds against, thanks to strong local support for Burannpour, who could never get in a blow at the leader once Miss Dare decided to go.
A Harris poll for today's Daily Express gives Labour a one point lead, on 38 per cent, with the Tories on 37 and the Liberal Democrats on 21.
THE Church of Scotland has launched a blistering attack on Conservative social and economic policies, describing them as unacceptable in a civilised society and accusing the Chancellor, Mr Lamont, of expressing ‘hollow and cynical’ views.
AT CONSERVATIVE Central Office, the Prime Minister expressed his confidence in winning a clear overall majority, though only after being drawn into a discussion on how a Labour-Liberal Democrat coalition leading to proportional representation and devolution for Scotland would irrevocably change the face of Britain.
It has not stopped businessmen being asked what they think will happen to the economy if the government changes, however, even if those businessman can do nothing better than guess or regurgitate or express hopes and fears.
The people who backed Docklands Express and Brown Windsor in last Saturday's Grand National can attest to that: they backed their opinion with real cash — but for all their money, they couldn't make either horse win.
‘We do not encourage them to follow fashions blindly, but suggest a set of variations which expresses their individuality.’
However, final planning permission may delay the start of work and it seems likely that the club's Pizza Express National League team will continue to play their home matches at Feltham at least until Christmas.
Scholfield teamed up with Georgie's Caper for the first time to win the Restricted (Div 2) and then took the Open unchallenged on Confused Express.
In a radio broadcast earlier this week, Mr Shevardnadze echoed the public mood in most areas of the country expressing optimism that Georgia was now starting to pull itself out of political and economic crisis.
CLASSIFIED advertisement in the Windsor and Eton Express: ‘Wanted.
Drivers on the French express railway, the RER, which is expected to bring visitors to the site from central Paris are also threatening to strike on Sunday, when the park opens, because of the demands on them to cope with extra passenger traffic.
If individuality is the keynote of the Nineties, what better way to express it than by wearing something unique?
The Australian's frustration at being unable to find chinks in Marshall's defence was expressed in arguments with the referee.
By Elisa Kitson on the Paris-Brussels Express
PASSENGERS on the 7.00 am Paris-Brussels express experienced something of a gastronomic shock yesterday when they were confronted with the Great British Breakfast.
They are serving breakfasts all week on the Paris-Brussels express and dinner on the return evening train as part of an exchange with the French SNCF rail company.
Acceptance came when their eldest daughter, Claire, then aged five, expressed her delight at seeing the twins for the first time and said simply: ‘Oh look Mammy, they're stuck together.’
But they expressed fears that a grassroots crisis could occur.
As bus driver Mirsad Nevsetovic, a Muslim married to a Serb, expressed the apparently forlorn hope that ‘both sides see sense’, it all became too much for his wife's Serbian mother.
It expressed particular concern over the debts arising from investments in east Germany which will absorb an extra Dm180 billion (£63 billion) this year, a rise of 30 p.c. over 1991.
Mr Alan Storey, race director, expressed surprise at the anger of wheelchair participants.
The nine-year-olds wanting to be thinner not only expressed a wish to lose weight but were already changing their eating habits to try to achieve their desired figure.
‘Frankly, it's amazing that Labour didn't make more of the current economic difficulties,’ he said, expressing vigorous dissatisfaction at the intellectual content of the election campaign.
But sources at the Presidential Palace have expressed concern over Mrs Marcos's real intentions.
At 20 he went to the New Musical Express, and edited it through the 1970s, when it became the bestselling rock mag in Britain, with a rich crop of young writers such as Julie Burchill, Tony Parsons, Danny Baker, Paul Morley and Charles Shaar Murray.
Scott Hamilton The suave American mainstream saxophonist completes his tour this year with gigs at Birch Hall, Oldham (061 624 4391), Tues; Pizza Express, London W1 (071 437 9595), Wed and Thur and Apr 18; The Stables, Wavendon (0908 583928), Fri; and The Sixth Form College, Cambridge (0223 620986), Apr 19.
‘Whatever an estate agent's political leanings, professionally each and every one must be expressing surprise, delight and relief,’ said Sir Glen Hickman, marketing director of Humberts.
‘With this guide, we hope to allay some of the concerns expressed by the public about completing tax returns and reclaiming interest from banks and from building societies.’
Seattle Rhyme, winter favourite for the Ever Ready Derby, has been taken out of Epsom betting after David Elsworth expressed doubts about getting the colt to post for the Classic.
I had considerable sympathy with the sentiment expressed in the poster.
AN OXFORDSHIRE reader expresses astonishment that so many of the hotels featured in this column border on Fawlty Towers.
Yet one must also beware of the sort of patronising attitude nicely expressed in the film of The Go-Between, when the silly sprig of the Big House observes, after an exchange with the lusty Alan Bates, ‘I think I put him at his ease, don't you?’
He is retained by the Daily Express and occasionally its diary editor will have dispatched him to cover a party or reception.
The night's work over, Young drives to the Express's offices, captions his film and leaves it on the picture desk.
Other elements are just naff: the mermaids look like crosses between Las Vegas showgirls and My Little Ponies, and the lair of the Lost Boys resembles a rejected set for Starlight Express.
These bunkers were constructed in 1966 for the express purpose of preventing Nicklaus from taking this route.
The worst of it is that one cannot yet express a proper anger about the state of things, since it is just about possible that the Frauleins Krabbe, Breuer and Moller are innocent of any serious wrongdoing (if that's the right term) in the affair of the Uniform Urine.
After expressing the cooked garlic from its skin, puree it with a little vegetable oil, raw coriander root and leaf, plus black pepper.
Then you see an express train apparently coming out through the embankment while a gigantic head capped with flowers revolves high above and you realise it will be an amazing day.
Also try: Tours to Remember (0904 659966), Explorers Tours (0753 681999) and Indonesian Express (071–491 4469).
John Major is reported to have ‘unprintable’ feelings about it and many ministers have expressed annoyance.
Leaders of the opt-out movement say more than 2,000 have expressed a strong interest in balloting parents on such a move.
But since he now writes in a newspaper notorious for its pro-Tory partisanship, the Sunday Express, and is known unaffectionately in the trade as ‘the Brute’, nobody took him seriously.
SIR — I would like to express my dismay and concern at the lack of attention being paid to the football infrastructure in this country.
Expressing his delight at being appointed, he said: ‘This is the one job I had hoped for.’
Now the whole thing is over, rumbles of resentment are still coming from Government, and fears of retribution are being openly expressed by the BBC.
Despite the retuning problems, and the estimated £30 million required to build new transmitters, several major media groups have already expressed interest.
‘He was purely intuitive and had difficulty expressing himself.
Daisy Miller won her fifth race in a row here and is one of a quartet with five successes — the others are Claxton Greene, Confused Express and Rubie's Choice — chasing Carl's Choice, who moved on to eight in the West Kent Open and must be favourite to win The Daily Telegraph Trophy.
IT HAS not been much of a week for Welsh politicians because the country's resounding rejection of Mr Neil Kinnock has been followed by the decision of the International Rugby Board to ignore the reservations expressed by the Welsh Rugby Union and to hold the 1995 World Cup in South Africa.
Villagers yesterday expressed their horror at the murder.
Northern Foods said the Express Dairy at Morden, south London, would close in November and another at Cricklewood, north London, would shut in April next year.
But France has been hit by the kind of unease over European union that British governments have been expressing for years.
Maltese officials privately express the hope that Britain, the United States and the UN Security Council will not agree to the suspects being handed over to Malta for trial.
Red Star's subsidiary, Road Express, started by recruiting a fleet of privately chartered taxis.
Berlin Bertie mixes gritty realism with poetic passages in which the five characters step out of the action to express their innermost thoughts and desires.
Both runners have expressed an interest in running in the 2,000-metre Prefontaine Classic in Eugene, Oregon, on June 6.
I think it matters in a broad sense, in that the ability to master a variety of skills and express oneself through a variety of media (including language, music and the visual arts) is important to any well-rounded and educated person.
In my experience, children find it extremely frustrating to be fired with enthusiasm for a topic but then to find that they simply do not have the skill to express themselves.
It will decide on April 29 whether the Daily Express and the Independent invaded family privacy by naming her as the girl in the broadcast.
If we did not espouse the values of community and express them through policies which are designed to redistribute power and wealth, the electorate would be entitled to ask themselves two questions.
The master expressed the usual scepticism.
But when average shrinkage — the retailers' word for shoplifted goods — is expressed as a percentage of net profit before tax, the position is much worse, reflecting the reduction in profits over the last two years.
We are strangers, sharing a sleeping car on the St PetersburgMurmansk express, which is tearing through the tundra at a good 7 mph.
American Express said it had received about 100 complaints so far this year from card members who had booked accommodation — only fly-cruises in the Bahamas — some for as little as £99.50 — and who had been unable to board ship.
American Express, which has put a ‘fraud alert’ warning on its April statements, said it had refunded all complainants in full.
American Express said it had received about 100 complaints so far this year from card members who had booked accommodation — only fly-cruises in the Bahamas — some for as little as £99.50 — and who had been unable to board ship.
American Express, which has put a ‘fraud alert’ warning on its April statements, said it had refunded all complainants in full.
A WELSH club could be playing in England's Pizza Express National League in three years, following a new proposal to merge two regional competitions, writes Chris Moore.
The Pizza Express National League champions should have little difficulty in beating Royal Leopold, of Belgium, today and Racing Club de France tomorrow, but face the holders, Uhlenhorst, in Sunday's final group match.
Ray Plummer, Cornwall's treasurer, had expressed fears that ticket sales would be lower than last year, when about 40,000 Cornishmen swelled the attendance to 56,000, cheering their side to victory over Yorkshire.
Reglazing there is already under way by Express Glass Contractors, a company with experience gained from replacing windows destroyed by an IRA bomb in Whitehall Place earlier this year.
A Scotland Yard spokesman said last night: ‘In response to complaints expressed by a number of people, including some from the legal profession, it has been decided that the use of plastic sheets in surveillance logs [note books]— used as a firm backing on which to write in the street — will be withdrawn.’
Indeed, as early as 1926 when the Universities Extra-Mural Consultative Committee (UEMCC) issued its first annual report, Pateman had written to Mactavish, then General Secretary of the WEA, expressing concern over the establishment of the inter-university committee:
But during the autumn of 1938, the distaste that Hampden Jackson felt over the Board's machinations was expressed in a personal note to Jacques:
The WEA could take some comfort from the presence among the remaining six on the committee of Alan Bullock, who had expressed his sympathies for the movement in the previous year's Highway , and of G. B. Thorneycroft of the General Council of the TUC.
The WEA shared both the relief and the reservations: duly expressed as a gathering of District Secretaries in September, at the National Conference in October and at meetings of the WEA Central Executive Committee which had the responsibility for formulating an official response.
Another purpose, as expressed in the 1949–50 report, was ‘to act as a link between the Essex branches and the Eastern District’.
There was a similar reaction in Hertfordshire when the resignation of the University's resident tutor in the county, Vivian Ramsbottom, to become Administrative Officer of the Joint Committee, led the District AGM of 1955 to carry a motion expressing ‘belief that the presence of a Resident Tutor in the County is vital to the growth of the educational work which the WEA and the University do together’.
The views of prominent members here are best expressed in a motion originating from Wickham Bishops branch, passed at the Essex Federation AGM in May 1957, considered by the District Executive in the following month but eventually withdrawn from the agenda of the subsequent District Council:
A complicating factor in all this was that despite the opposition of the Eastern District Council, expressed both before and after the decision had been taken, Cambridge University Extra-Mural Board resolved in December 1955 to withdraw its resident tutors from some of the counties it served.
Furthermore, the research process was to be used to train locals in obtaining the information they needed, and thereby develop a network of individuals and groups who would express their concern for the land issues of the region by an ongoing commitment to further action at local and National level using the results obtained from the study.
Every one of the dairy farmers expressed concern in particular those who had purchased a farm in the past two or three years and were dairying in order to repay the purchase loan.
Beef producers expressed their fears that less and less beef was being eaten.
Only a few wives expressed any confidence in working with machines and carrying out crop work.
Because the questionnaire was conducted in strict confidence some took this opportunity to express their thoughts.
More efficient production was the major benefit they would look for from training and a keen interest in financial management courses was expressed.
A real desire to  participate in some form of practical training was expressed by most of the people spoken to but the problems of fitting in courses with the off-farm employment were considerable.
After closure, the majority of parents expressed preference for the larger schools now attended by their children, though their links with the school had diminished.
In the context of this paper it is very significant that of OECD's 24 member states no less than 18 expressed strong interest in their proposal to identify educational policies which effectively support rural economic development.
It expressed the feelings he had never allowed himself.
Anne knew she was back on the Nightmare Express.
Further back, Judi had envied Anne her college boyfriend, had always tried to impress and amuse the older girl, had briefly tried to copy her clothes and food preferences, had longed to be asked to share her toys so that she could express her devotion through generosity.
He expressed his hearty agreement and desire for a compromise between the various church factions, and pledged his active support.
Baxter expressed his views as follows: ‘Justification is received by those who obey the law of the new covenant.
Although no opinion could be expressed about the propriety of interventions in particular cases — the  enquiry was not a court of law — the report recognized that sexual abuse was no myth, and that it had indeed occurred in Cleveland in many cases.
This developmental ideal is expressed in the German term ‘Erziehung’(pedagogy) of which school-based education is therefore only a partial aspect (and obviously not the concern of this legislation).
The long period of gestation of the new legislation which began in the climate of reform typical of the 1970s but became entangled then in the  fiscal and ideological retrenchment of the 1980s, reveals the complexity of the political debate and the variety of interests that had to be reconciled in drafting a new legal reference point that would modernize Germany's approach to all questions of youth while at the same time express continuity.
It also expresses support for self-help initiatives and a move away from the dependency of users on public and private services.
Concerns were expressed about S's time-keeping, non-school attendance and friendships.
Concern has been expressed about the ways in which residential services are classified (Ploeg, 1981 and 1986; Hellinckx and Munter, 1990).
However, despite the generally positive reception given to the growth of community alternatives, concern has been expressed that the decline in residential provision means that young people with the most serious problems do not always receive appropriate help (Hekken et al .,
A few children who had maintained links with grandparents, an aunt or a sibling, equally expressed satisfaction and pleasure from the contacts.
Social Worker: If a 9-year-old was sitting next to you expressing the guilt you have expressed, what would you do or say?
These conclusions appear to have been replicated by York (1989), who finds that community workers express more satisfaction and effectiveness in their short-term projects, which are more directive and task-oriented, than in their long-term projects.
This is interesting, both because of the serious consequences of a mental health section, and because of concern expressed about sexist practice by GPs in other areas of their work (Barrett and Roberts, 1978; Cooperstock, 1978).
A variety of possible contributing factors have been put forward: that biological factors make women more vulnerable than men; that women are socially disadvantaged by the roles they are expected to perform, and psychologically disadvantaged by socialization preparing them for these roles; that women express their emotions more readily; and that health professionals are more likely to equate feminine characteristics with ill health (Weissman and Klerman, 1977; Penfold and Walker, 1984; Corob, 1987).
She had two young children, aged five and seven, and the ASW expressed concern for their welfare.
I have of late had two letters from him, in which he has shown such an easy and familiar way of expressing his thoughts, such a delight for improvement and so much exactness and dilligence in the making of observations that I look upon him to go onward with a curiosity and genious superior to most of his occupation.
A month later he wrote again, expressing gratification that observations in his Botanical Essays , published the year before, ‘had been confirmed by experiments made by some curious gardeners, among whom is Mr. Philip Miller’.
He also expressed regret at not being able to see Elaeagnus latifolia from India and Ceylon, and ‘pretty rare in English gardens’, when it had flowered at Hampton Court.
Initial collection needed the greatest care and early in his correspondence with Bartram, Collinson expressed disappointment because plants of Cypripedium , ladies slipper, had not survived transport for want of proper attention at the outset.
Finally Benjamin Franklin, writing to Bartram from Paris in May, 1777 expressed his concern and willingness to help:
He reported diligent perusal of the Dictionary and Figures and believed them to be the ‘compleatest work of that kind extant’, but expressed his regret that many American plants had been omitted: he hoped to remedy this by sending specimens of growing plants within the next few years.
Miller must have sent word to Bartram that Figures of Plants would be coming, as, in April 1755, only one month after initial publication, John Bartram wrote to express grateful anticipation.
The Society is not responsible for individual opinions expressed in articles and reviews or in reports of any kind.
Editorials do not necessarily express the views of the Council.
If Rooney is to have the right to do this, and express his views publicly, then so is Mitchell.
Rupert Bear (reproduced with permission from Express Newspapers plc).
Foreign genes can readily be inserted into the virus genome and expressed at high levels.
Two such viruses that have been produced recently expressed insect-specific neurotoxin genes from a mite  and a scorpion .
Strains with improved insecticidal activity have been produced in our laboratory by partial plasmid curing — so that the remaining genes are expressed at a higher level — and by transconjugation to produce new combinations of plasmids, giving a desirable activity spectrum.
These include new wild-type strains with higher activities against particular pests, transconjugant strains that combine the activities from more than one wild-type strain, including strains that are active against both Lepidoptera and Coleoptera , and genetically engineered bacteria in which a Bt toxin gene is expressed.
Since the δ-endotoxin is coded for by a single gene, which is usually carried on a plasmid, it has been relatively easy to locate and clone these genes from a number of strains of Bt and to express them in other organisms.
Tomato and tobacco plants expressing Bt δ-endotoxin genes are resistant to a number of lepidopterous pests.
However, it is already apparent that resistance can be induced in insects relatively rapidly when they are exposed to toxin that has been expressed in plants or other organisms.
Although such problems still need to be overcome and further extensive field trials are required, it is likely that varieties of plants expressing the Bt toxin will be commercially available by the late 1990s.
Barber had an exceptional flair for expressing himself fluently in crystal clear prose.
The Society is not responsible for individual opinions expressed in articles and reviews or in reports of any kind.
Editorials do not necessary express the views of the Council.
However, although 70 per cent of women expressed a desire for such facilities only 39 per cent of men responded positively.
On expressing interest in the idea ‘I got tremendous support from my line manager and from personnel’.
Although the use of outside contractors will speed up the regulatory process, critics have expressed concern at using the industry to police itself.
The preference for directives as opposed to regulations for environmental matters has also been repeatedly expressed.
Kurt Huber, managing director, expressed his enthusiasm for the project by saying, ‘the Clayton Aniline Company has played its part in the life of this area for well over 100 years…and this is a further demonstration of our continuing support and commitment to the community of East Manchester’.
The chemist Compte (1798–1857) expressed it in quite brutal terms: ‘If mathematical analysis should ever hold prominent place in chemistry — an aberration which is happily almost impossible — it would occasion a rapid and widespread degeneration of that science’.
Council expressed its appreciation to all those members who had helped to make the 150th anniversary celebrations a success.
It was noted that, to date, 120 members had expressed interest in the ‘recruit-a-friend’ scheme.
The following day, the wily Lawyer gave his reply, expressing his people's wish:
They were ordered to camp in a swampy depression beside the Missouri which one observer suggested had been selected ‘for the express purpose of putting an end to Chief Joseph and his band’.
Four years before his death, Chief Joseph had expressed the lifelong wish for which he had fought so persistently and waited so patiently:
Save £££s next summer with our express coach service to the south of France and Costa Brava.
EXPRESS COACH HOLIDAYS
‘Ring us when acid rain burns babies,’ the Daily Express told activist Steve Elsworth.
Pointing to the Commission's admission that the key symptoms in Britain were now ‘similar’ to those in West Germany, Rossi expressed surprise that the Commission was ‘apparently no further forward than in 1984’.
The popular view expressed was that ‘anything goes’, because ‘drama is life’.
Whereas he adopted caution, a long-time associate and  friend of Brian Way, Margaret Faulkes Jendyk (1975), expressed her insecurity by writing the most vituperative article I have ever read by one educator of another.
Even the medium of an academic thesis (1978) has been used by John Crompton, her colleague at Newcastle University, to express his scorn rather than offer a cool evaluation.
His initial reservations expressed here suggest that he, like many of us, has spanned an era of reaction against the worst excesses of cut-throat competitiveness and artificiality of performance in favour of the process of a child's personal experience.
doctrine, and a view was  subsequently promoted that a child could not do drama until he first learnt to express himself through movement.
Indeed, the team was so anxious to give recognition at last to the importance of the content of any particular drama, that it seems almost to be reinforcing the dualistic assumption that drama is about attitudes or ideas in the children's heads to be explored and then expressed through the medium.
What started out as an intention by the authors of Learning through Drama to express ‘a specific point of view’(p. 8) has apparently become the only authoritative reference!
Although disapproval of sacred dramas continued to be vehemently expressed, as, for instance, by Gerhoh of Reichersburg (1039–1169 ) who, according to Kolve (1966), warned that he who portrays the rage of Herod is guilty of the very vice he portrays (a deep-seated objection not entirely eradicated today), anxiety about its blasphemous nature was dispelled as more people came to regard it as merely a ‘game’ rather than as a sacrilegious act.
There are thus four versions here that can be expressed in game structure terms.
Some structures can be expressed thematically.
We may say that when a piece of music unexpectedly changes to a minor key this expresses a feeling of foreboding.
Some of the boys as well as the girls were quite stiff and unable to use their bodies to convey and represent the emotions being expressed in the material from the composites [i.e. Characterisation package].
This kind of drama for practice in expressing and communicating emotions is far removed from the functioning behaviour required in the game of drama, where the participants' concentration is not on whether he or she is signalling an emotion but with getting on with solving whatever problem is to hand.
The common ground between games and group drama can be expressed either anthropologically (they are both a form of group celebration) or structurally.
In terms of emotion one could use a grammatical analogy (see Bolton, 1978) that the ‘occurring’ emotion expressed by a participant is a verb , whereas the emotion portrayed by a performer is descriptive, an adjective, no less.
For instance, Susanne Langer, in most of her writing on Aesthetics has been concerned to establish that emotion expressed through Art is derived from but is not the same as that felt in real life.
…what the creative form expresses is the nature of feelings conceived, imaginatively realised, and rendered by a labor of formulation and abstractive vision (p. 90).
If he is sad, then his art expresses a sadness, as Ivy Campbell-Fisher (1950) puts it, ‘released from the entanglement of contingency’(p. 267).
For Tormey one of the ‘purest’ instances of representational behaviour is that of an actor who rages on stage as Lear but who could not possibly be expressing his own rage or he would never complete the performance.
His skill lies in representing his deepest feelings, not expressing them.
I have quoted this passage in full, not because I think it is particularly inspired or even well-written, but because it is the nearest attempt I have come across to suggest some of the subjective, hidden meanings that might well make up a performer's luggage when he expresses himself on stage.
The members of any organisation should have a clear idea of its general purpose which is expressed in the form of a ‘mission statement’ or ‘corporate objective’, defining the business in which the organisation is involved.
The validity of some of these arguments is expressed by Hopson and Scally (1984 p. 125) as shown in Figure 3.6.
(1980 p. 29) express this as:
What differences in values and interests exist among them and how are these expressed in budgetary terms?
Productivity through people: people are seen as the sole basis for success which is developed through respect for the individual expressed through trust.
It is hierarchical, i.e. it is the process by which the managerial relationships of the institution are expressed and developed.
In order to work this process requires leadership in the terms discussed earlier in this chapter; it also requires ‘open’ management expressed through consultative procedures, effective delegation and a climate conducive to review, target setting, monitoring and evaluation.
From the smallest primary school to the largest secondary school, the dominant model is the hierarchy expressed in terms of line management with the division of work into compartments with a clear span of control.
The public's dislike of unprincipled press behaviour has sometimes been expressed in the award of erratically large libel damages.
We have upheld our pledge that Northern Ireland will remain an integral part of the United Kingdom in accordance with the democratically expressed wishes of the majority of the people who live there.
I had expressed concern that after the long journey, probably spent standing in the corridor, I might look rather haggard, so the wearing of a yashmak was suggested, especially as Leslie would be used to seeing this item of female camouflage in the souks and cafés of North Africa from Alexandria to Algiers.
It was this very quality of non-conformity for which Leslie had expressed admiration in June 1941 when Wavell was relieved of his Middle East command.
I believe there's a new film called ‘Tender Comrade’— that title begins to express it; it's the comrade in you that makes our passion so deep and yet so clear…
Darling, you're in my blood, and there aren't any words to express properly all the wonder of you.
I love you so much that I just can't express it in words.
THE ARMY COUNCIL EXPRESSES SYMPATHY.
He had expressed so often the depth of his love and had made it clear to me that I had given meaning to his life.
Paris gave the immediate illusion of spaciousness and grandeur; the swelling pride of Louix XIV and Napoleon had expressed itself in truly monumental architecture.
Later, back home again, I wrote this verse to express the experience:
Ika delivered to me an ‘express letter’ invitation to a party, by means of the Pneumatique — a strange device, comparable, I supposed, to that which sent cash round department stores.
Falteringly, I sought to express these misgivings in my conclusions to a number of papers, conclusions that certainly brought no joy to my more optimistic colleagues in an emerging human ethology rooted firmly in the objective analysis of behaviour sequences and components.
The interesting questions relate to how they are expressed in different species.
They may or may not choose to express their awareness of themselves to another person.
An account of where in the development of individuals evolved changes productive of shifts in adult behaviour are expressing themselves.
The function which modern philosophy seized upon as expressing the vital essence of Mind was that of bringing things together so that they have a bearing upon one another.
This idea may be expressed in terms of population dynamics.
In the absence of intelligence and in its lowest stages, Life is, as we expressed it, unorganised.’
The motivational system of a higher organism is complex, comprising several distinct types of mechanism expressed through differing behavioural means.
The activation of amotivational  system (say, fear, escape, aggression, sex) is expressed through behaviour provided by the neuromuscular systems of the body.
Alexander (1974) expresses the nature of the process most succinctly in the term ‘nepotism’.
My original concern with these problems was expressed in a series of papers on African and Asian weaver birds culminating in a monograph in 1964.
Group formation may arise as a result of factors favouring defence or resource acquisition and the sizes and compositions of groups express the effects of social selection within them.
Correlations between the broad characteristics of a taxonomic group and species ecologies yield suggestive associations that can then be expressed as evolutionary hypotheses that are in principle open to direct tests.
These rules express the interactional dispositions of the individuals concerned which constrain their potential for acquiring novel behaviour randomly through learning.
It incorporates all cargo activities in relation to airlines, handling agents, customs brokers, freight forwarding agents and express transport operators.
The comprehensive complex (to the west of the International pier and with its own dedicated access) incorporates all cargo activities in relation to airlines, handling agents, customs brokers, freight forwarding agents and express transport operators.
Other tenants in Belfast International Airport's bright, modern Cargo Complex include British Airways, Servisair and Federal Express.
Speedbird Airport to Door is another British Airways Cargo wholesale product offering customers direct express deliveries from the UK to 150 countries, with features such as Timed Delivery.
The sentiment expressed in the phrase is simply that a strong EC should lay these foundations for the whole continent.
More importantly still, the influential Finance Minister, Pierre Bérégovoy, has repeatedly gone out of his way to express interest in the British proposals, emphasising that the French view is closer to the British than to the German.
On the left there is the Jacobin tradition, which draws on the Rousseauist doctrine of the general will, expressed thus by Robespierre: ‘Wherever the people does not exercise its authority and does not manifest its power itself, but only through representatives and if the representative body is not pure and identified with the people, then liberty is extinguished.’
This desire to achieve unity along German lines often expressed itself in a distaste for the legalistic rationalism of the West (France, England).
When addressing the problem of Germany's pre-eminent economic power, he either just says it is good for Europe or he says, ‘I think our neighbours should overcome the tendency to think in terms of nation-states’, while the same thought is expressed by one academic: ‘in many ways, it no longer makes sense to talk about Germany as a distinct national unit’.
Elections to the Länder governments are treated much like by-elections in Britain, as a way of expressing a mid-term opinion of the Federal Government, rather than as a way of choosing a significantly different local or regional government.
After their visit to the site in June 1898, the Governing Committee expressed their satisfaction on the progress of work at Foxton.
The lift was not usually operated after six in the evening which meant the holding of ‘express traffic’ overnight.
A Manchester to Marylebone express departs for the south and approaches Thurland Street Tunnel headed by class A1 No. 2588 ‘Tracery’ in 1930.
A southbound express for Marylebone awaits departure time at Nottingham Victoria platform 4 headed by B17 No. 2855 ‘Middlesborough ’.
Class A3 No. 4473 ‘Solario’ storms past Bulwell Common heading an express to Manchester in 1939.
The church seen in the previous picture sits on the hillside as the York-Bournemouth express approaches Tibshelf up distant hauled by class 37 No.
GCR class 9P 4–6–0 No. 6164 ‘Earl Beatty’, one of the most powerful of all GC locomotives, is seen just south of Pilsley station as it heads an up express from Manchester in 1939.
D206 on what must be a diverted express, seen at Horns Bridge in 1958.
It would appear that this B1 hauled up express has been diverted from the main line as it is under steam when approaching Wharf Lane footbridge.
What a delight it must have been to watch express trains thundering up the bank at Arkwright bridge.
An up Marylebone express prepares to depart from Victoria in 1951 hauled by A3 4–6–2 No. 60059 ‘Tracery’— a regular loco on the GC lines both in the 30's and 50's.
GCR clas B7 No. 5478 runs smartly downhill just south of Wortley station, heading a Manchester-Marylebone express in 1930.
A Manchester-Marylebone express clears Dunford Bridge behind GCR class 9P No. 6165 ‘Valour’ the GC mobile war memorial.
It was cleaned by Gorton shed prior to taking out a southbound express and adorned with wreaths, it would enter Victoria just after the service had begun.
A Marylebone-Manchester express approaches the Manchester suburbs as it passes through Dinting Station headed by EMI No. 27006 on 12th April 1958.
We say that a sentence is factually significant to any given person if, and only if, he knows how to verify the proposition which it purports to express — that is, if he knows what observations would lead him, under certain conditions, to accept the proposition as being true, or reject it as being false.
They are certainly comfortable and assured, but at the same time they have no real chance of converting others to their views, at least if conversion means more than expressing the hope that God will send faith to others too.
An argument of Søren Kierkegaard's expressed this idea in the context of God's goodness, but the idea could equally well be applied to His existence.
An analogy which would better express Aquinas' view compares the universe to a number of objects, say a pile of books on  a table.
Theists who explore notions like existence in order to express the presence of a transcendent God presume this inherent incompleteness in reality.
At the divine level, however, personality is expressed differently.
Other people, for all that we may claim to understand them, still have an irreducibly transcendent ‘core’— expressed in the fact that we can never enter their minds and think as they do.
We may see here a way of expressing the double motif of God's transcendence and immanence discussed above.
They have to find a way of expressing their confidence that God reveals Himself through His activity in the world, without making Him into a person like ourselves.
In particular he thought that the fundamental principles of Aristotle's philosophy could provide a setting in which to express the revealed truths of Christian faith.
When it did, a solid wall of water, twenty feet deep, would sweep down the old bed, crushing everything  in its way, hitting the highway with the force of an express train.
Any opinions expressed in this book are those of the author and not necessarily those of the Club.
Mr Willie Park of the Huntercombe Golf Links, looked over the proposed site on Wednesday and expressed the opinion that provided the sum named was forthcoming, together with a membership of 300, such a golf course would be desirable and successful.
There appeared to be satisfaction with the course progress, although there was concern expressed that further bonds might be needed.
The talent he has encouraged and given much time and effort to, includes the 1986 Club Champion, 20-year-old Simon Barrington who was twice Junior Champion; Michael Orris, the Joint Course record holder and County Alliance player; Guy Phillips, still 17, the Junior Champion and Captain (handicap 5) and who whilst competing in the Daily Express Ford qualifying round at Royal Mid-Surrey in 1986 played to level par and went on to play in the finals in Spain); Henry  Bareham, also handicap 5, who played for English Schools and Graham Booth, the Thames Valley League Junior Champion.
Photo: Daily Express Seventeen-year-old Guy Phillips (handicap 5) Junior Captain and Champion.
The vehicle used, as on many occasions in the past, was Chapman Pincher, the defence correspondent of the Daily Express who on 19 June entertained George  Brown, the ebullient and unpredictable Labour politician, to lunch at the Ecu de France restaurant.
As a result the following day, 20 June 1961, the Daily Express carried the government's story in full on its front page, giving the impression that Blake had betrayed all these agents on his own.
Such wishes are carefully expressed in a manner that neither leaves a permanent record for posterity nor gives the impression that illegality was ever suggested.
She expressed being a sensitive person who needed company (she always had the radio on), she wasn't thirsty and she liked the heating on but had to have windows open.
I returned to the Arg Nit LM3 to see if it would deal with this new symptom picture but there was no change in the anal discomfort with the Arg Nit LM3 or 4 and after 6 weeks she was again getting headaches and expressing fear of cancer.
Whenever I've enthused to practitioners about the advantages of LM's they've always expressed confusion about the procedures involved and in particular the complications that they see in using teaspoons, tablespoons and glasses.
It cannot be expressed too strongly that the most beneficial results are obtained from pursuing the treatment until a return of symptoms occurs.
Relationships between two people anywhere in the world can be expressed in terms of a dyadic contract (Foster 1967).
Machismo is an exaggerated cult of virility which expresses itself in male assertions of superiority over females, and competition between men.
This view is well expressed by de Janvry and Ground when they say ‘the primary role of the reform sector is political.
The relationship of the squatters to urban populations has often been expressed in terms of marginality.
These social movements express new forms of social struggle, which have arisen out of the relative failure of other sectors of society to make significant changes and out of changing socio-economic conditions.
On her deathbed Mary Leapor reportedly expressed concern for her father's advancing age.
…she always chose to spend her leisure Hours in Writing and Reading, rather than in those Diversions which young People generally chuse; insomuch that some of the Neighbours that observ'd it, expressed their Concern, lest the Girl should over-study herself, and be mopish
He expresses considerable interest in the kitchen maid poet:
Mrs. Jennens, daughter of Judge Blencowe, dreamt that an express came with an account of the death of her sister, Lady Probyn; that the latter had appointed her sole Executrix and had left a cabinet to Mrs. Betty Blencowe in which were secret drawers containing several valuables.
A year afterwards, an express came, Mrs. Welch reminded her of her dream, and upon opening the Will it was found that the cabinet was left to Mrs. Blencowe and Mrs. Jennens was directed by her dream to the secret drawers, where she found diamonds and other valuables, which were afterwards given to her daughter Mrs. Peareth
She expressed a warm opinion of the piece and asked for more of her work.
My expressing some Fear of being troublesome in coming so frequently, occasioned a great Variety of Invitations, both in Verse and Prose; which I could seldom resist: And indeed her whole Behaviour to me was so extremely good-natur'd and obliging, that I must have been the most ungrateful Person in the World, if I had not endeavour'd to make some Return.
It is impossible to express the Hopes, the Fears, the various Conjectures, and Reveries, that your humble Servant must undergo this important Season, I am like the unhappy Gentleman mentioned in the Guardian ; and can scarce endure the bare Pronunciation of the Letter S: The hissing of the Tea-kettle distracts me; and if I meet a Goose, I shun him as I would a Lion, or a Crocodile.
She provides a lopsided interpretation of Freemantle's report that on her death bed the poet expressed concern for her father and asked that the subscription be carried on for his sake:
Yet the poem stands apart from the attitudes most commonly expressed in her work, and, given its obscurity, it is necessary to be cautious with respect to its specific meaning.
By the end of this scene, however, Terentia expresses fulsome gratitude to Dycarbas for saving her from an uncle who had wanted to steal her inheritance.
Female friendship is expressed in fiction and especially in letters through language which by the mid-eighteenth century used terms of ecstasy almost by convention:
Terry Castle suggests that for these poets the mirror was at once an emblem of the psyche and the symbol of an alternative world: ‘…the mirror image both distilled a longing for purity and expressed a desire for escape…’
In her letter Freemantle expresses concern that this poem will be misunderstood:
This seems quaint, but at least one scholar has expressed confusion over whether this Mira is a real person.
Apart from the reservations already expressed concerning Ashraf's work, it should also be observed that she emphasizes writers from the end of the century and later, especially as they relate to chartism and subsequent developments.
R. A Aubin in his well-known study of topographical poetry expresses admiration for this poem because of its humour.
Some of her Papers, a little time before her Death were communicated to several Persons of Rank and of distinguished Taste and Judgement, who were pleased to express a great Satisfaction in the View they had of promoting a Subscription…
Leapor also expresses her distaste for flattery in ‘Advice to Myrtillo’.
In less extreme circumstances others were expressing concern that the holding of information and its transmission from teacher to teacher and from school to school might unfairly label and prejudice a child.
Nevertheless, over the years the curriculum has become increasingly regulated, in the face of concern about the need for reform — expressed with increasing regularity once James Callaghan's Ruskin College (‘Great Debate’) speech in 1976 had acted as a catalyst for debate.
One primary school head teacher in whose school pilot testing of pupils was carried out has expressed a willingness to ‘break the law unless the tests are drastically changed’ and another school's head (probably illegally) later suspended the tests in the face of parents' objections.
The Elton Committee expressed particular concern about the impact on a school of bullying and racial harassment, and recommended that head teachers and staff be alert to signs of such behaviour, deal firmly with it, and ‘take action based on clear rules which are backed by appropriate sanctions and systems to protect and support victims’.
The general rule is that a battery is committed where a person touches or strikes another, grabs hold of their sleeve or lapels and so on, without implied or express permission.
The North Hey itself was still well over its banks, and flowing like an express train.
He was about sixty years old, she thought, with a kind face that expressed a lot of spirituality.
‘What a funny way to express yourself.
Many fine words were spoken, and sentiments expressed.
A woman as passive and yet responsive as she was could well suffer emotional distress which she would not overtly express.
They want food, and the only way they can express their desire for it is to cry.
The NFFO was not expressed as a precise numerical quota throughout the period of the Hinkley C Inquiry.
The CEGB countered many of the fears expressed about Chernobyl with a simple phrase, ‘It couldn't happen here’.
problems in the development of language and communication, including poor comprehension; inability to express speech or no speech; inability to understand non-verbal gestures, and a tendency to repeat or ‘echo’ the remarks of others, often long after they have been made.
Following the case, several doctors expressed concern at the information which came to light during the trial;
Brian Kirman, writing in the British Medical Journal expressed the sentiments of many:
Despite all the contrary opinions expressed in the play, the underlying message was that it is the mother's right to choose whether she wants to bring up a child who is mentally handicapped, and that other people simply do not understand how the mother feels.
Although the images of the film belied the opinions expressed within it (‘unless the camera lied, Matthew appeared to be a loveable, reasonable, biddable child capable of enjoying life within its limits’), the mood of the programme was that we could well be better without mentally handicapped people, who have an unsatisfactory life and require an unfair devotion of care.
In this sense, it can be of vital importance in expressing versions of events concerning the mentally handicapped.
The logic of this change in attitude is expressed in educational terms in the Warnock Report, the findings of which have now been incorporated into the Education Act.
People who doubt that they would be able to cope with a mentally handicapped child express a completely understandable point of view.
Even the Plowden Report expressed fears of excessive parent power and the possible harmful effects of a strong PTA.
But even when both eyes are painted within the normal convention he makes the expression in each subtly different, as if to express the duality in his subject.
That year the young dealer who had expressed interest in his work, Paul Guillaume, opened his own gallery and Modigliani was elated to have a professional dealer at last.
That year the twenty-five-year-old Cocteau was working on the book of Parade , Diaghilev's controversial new ballet which was to express the new spirit in the arts, with music by Satie and Cubist costumes and sets by Picasso.
In the face of the city's desperation he expressed his melancholy through his painting.
‘In landscape there is nothing to express.’
Accepting the authority or leadership of a person or an institution is, for example, a way of defining one's own identity as a member of a nation or some other group, though needless to say it is unlikely to be the only way any person will express his identification with such a group.
Acceptance of an authority can be an act of identification with a group because it can be naturally regarded as expressing trust in the person or institution in authority and a willingness to share the fortunes of the group which are to a large extent determined by the authority.
Otherwise the odd situation may result that a person will quite properly express his identification with a group by supporting an institution which grossly betrays its duties to the group.
For the same reasons one cannot properly express one's willingness to share the fortunes of a group by submitting to an authority which grossly betrays the trust it owes to the group.
Even if legitimate authority is limited by the condition that its directives are not binding if clearly wrong, and I wish to express no opinion on whether it is so limited, it can play its mediating role.
It is sometimes expressed and is spoken of what is agreed.
We cannot create reasons just by intending to do so and expressing that intention in action.
A constituent element of projects and relations is the existence of consensual rights and obligations which express the persons' continued acknowledgement of the relations or the projects.
Consenting to have one's mail opened by another, to be visited without prior arrangement, and to have another arrange aspects of one's plans or activities without prior consultation (e.g. accepting invitations in one's name) may or may not be justified by their instrumental value, but in any case they are taken in our culture as expressing the existence of certain attitudes, as in part constituting those attitudes.
What actions express an attitude is largely a matter of social convention.
Our conventions and those of other societies differ, but to the extent that they regard consent as expressing certain worthwhile relations, as a constituent element of such relations, they provide validation of the appropriate kinds of consent.
Doubts about the validity of consent to political authority are sometimes expressed on the ground that citizens have no choice but to consent.
I say a reasonably just society, rather than a reasonably just law, for consent to obey the law expresses an attitude not to the law but to the society whose law it is.
It expresses an attitude to the law as an aspect of that society (which it can be only if the law is felt to express social conventions and outlook).
There are various attitudes towards society that consent to the authority of its laws can express.
They may, but need not, express themselves in one's attitude towards the law.
As was noted, the forms in which relations and attitudes express themselves are largely conventional.
For while the ways one expresses such attitudes and relationships are conventional, the means chosen by the convention are suitable for their role by virtue of some of their features.
Undertaking an obligation to obey the law is an appropriate means of expressing identification with society, because it is a form of supporting social institutions, because it conveys a willingness to share in the common ways established in that society as expressed by its institutions, and because it expresses confidence in the reasonableness and good judgment of the government through one's willingness to take it on trust, as it were, that the law is just and that it should be complied with.
In the first case, identification with the law does not express identification with the society which is hostile to this law.
All I have claimed is that consent to obey is recognized, and with reason, as one way of expressing such an attitude.
Where identification is a morally valuable attitude which can be expressed by binding oneself to the authority, one has a reason to do so which is served by consent to the authority.
Therefore, it is necessary, once the consent has been given, to accord the authority's directives pre-emptive force in order to be able to express one's identification with one's society by consenting to the authority of its law.
Since one has reason to express such an attitude in this way doing so enables one to conform to reasons which apply to one, which is the condition laid down by the normal justification thesis.
This condition is met wherever there is value in people being able to express themselves in the way they choose, at least where acceptable alternatives present themselves.
This belief, expressed in the legal doctrine of novus actus interruptus , is that a person is responsible for his own actions, and others are not responsible even if they induced his action by suggesting that there are reasons for it, or by behaving in ways which led him to form such a belief.
For reasons to be examined below this belief commonly expresses itself in a belief in a defeasible obligation to obey the law.
Whether this is the way they express themselves does not matter so long as we can establish that this is the substance of their view.
They indicate that their holders identify with their society and hold themselves to be under an obligation to obey the law which they regard as expressing that attitude.
First, because identification with one's community is morally worthwhile, and acceptance of the authority of the state an appropriate way (though not the only way) to express it, one may jump to the conclusion that one has an obligation to accept the authority of the state, or even that it has authority independently of such acceptance.
As was noted above, however much one may value identification with one's community, since it can be expressed by other means than respect for law it cannot be a foundation of an obligation to respect the law, nor a basis for the general authority of governments over all their subjects.
This was traditionally expressed in terms of some organic relationship between an individual and his community.
I agree with J. L. Mackie's comment that respect for law can express not identification but some other attitudes, such as acknowledgement on the part of tourists that each country is entitled to regulate its own affairs in its own way.
I have focused attention on identification with the society as being the most characteristic attitude thus expressed by citizens.
The claim that principles chosen in the original position express this nature depends on a certain conception of the person which is among the deep common presuppositions of our culture but no more.
Second , Rawls is anxious to make clear that the choice of principles because they express human nature ‘is not a so-called ‘radical’ choice: that is, a choice not based on reasons…
Since no conception of the good which expresses the rational nature of the person upholding it is better than any other, the constitutional arrangements should be neutral between them.
The role of the state is to enable all persons to express their nature and pursue their own autonomously conceived conception of the good and plan of life.
Furthermore, this way of expressing the intuitive idea is unlikely to gain Rawls' approval.
(11 May 1768) In July he expressed his anger more strongly:
Picture to yourself the embarrassment of His Grace the Archbishop at hearing the opera praised by the whole family of the Elector and by all the nobles, and at receiving the enthusiastic congratulations which they all expressed to him.
He even expressed his willingness to act for the police in the future, if needed.
‘May I express our deep sympathy, ma'am,’ Bragg said.
The views expressed in this Newsletter are those of the individuals concerned and not necessarily those of the NCT as an organisation.
The views expressed in this newsletter are those of the individuals concerned and not necessarily those of the NCT as an organisation.
Milk-free baby rice, mixed with water, expressed breastmilk or formula.
Please remember when reading individuals articles that all views expressed are individuals views.
The views expressed in this newsletter are those of the individuals concerned and not necessarily those of the NCT as an organisation.
The views expressed in this newsletter are those of the individuals concerned and not necessarily those of the NCT as an organisation.
The views expressed in this newsletter are those of the individuals concerned and not necessarily those of the NCT as an organisation.
Knowing that I would be returning to work when  (my second baby) was three months old, I acquired a battery-operated breast pump, as this time I was determined to express at lunch time to keep my supply going.
In the end there was a tremendous battle because, although Mrs Christie expressed a wish in her will for the island to become a nature reserve, she left no money to carry it out.
Contrariwise, of course, the hostility of the former ruling dynasties, the Bourbons and Orléans, together with their connections, frequently  expressed itself in adverse manoeuvres designed to embarrass, if not actually to weaken, the ‘Fourth dynasty’ in France.
Of her nine-day stay the Queen expressed herself:
Namely he has expressed his wish to King Leopold of the Belgians and requested him to press us for a withdrawal.
How could a sovereign who reigned by the will of the people resist totally such overt manifestations — confirmed as they were by the reports of similar sentiments being expressed the length and breadth of France?
The development of pupils' understanding of the spoken word and the capacity to express themselves effectively, in a variety of speaking and listening activities, matching style and response to audience and purpose.
The surveys report the significant finding that in interviews employers attached importance to candidates' answers to open questions which invited them to express and develop ideas in a sustained way, and to their ability to engage in discussion and to exchange views.
developing increasing clarity and precision in describing experience and expressing opinions, and sensitivity in articulating personal feelings;
The development of pupils' understanding of the spoken word and the capacity to express themselves effectively in a variety of speaking and listening activities, matching style and response to audience and purpose.
the skills enabling pupils to develop and express an awareness of varieties of spoken language and of the relationship between spoken and written language.
The development of pupils' understanding of the spoken word and the capacity to express themselves effectively in a variety of speaking and listening activities, matching style and response to audience and purpose.
Express a point of view cogently and with clarity to a range of audiences and interpret with accuracy a range of statements by others.
Express a point of view on a complex subject cogently and with clarity, and interpret alternative viewpoints with accuracy and discrimination.
Express a point of view on complex subjects cogently and with clarity, applying and interpreting a range of presentational strategies and assessing their own effectiveness accurately.
working with other pupils and adults — involving discussion with others; listening to, and giving weight to, the opinions of others; perceiving the relevance of contributions; timing contributions; adjusting and adapting to views expressed;
development of speaking and listening skills, both when role-playing and otherwise — when describing experiences, expressing opinions, articulating personal feelings and formulating and making appropriate responses to increasingly complex instructions and questions;
express and justify individual feelings, opinions and viewpoints with increasing sophistication;
They should be encouraged to express their opinions and argue a point of view, to be receptive to the contributions of others and be helped to make their own contributions confidently and effectively.
15.41 Pupils working towards level 10 should learn that attitudes to Standard English and to non-standard varieties,eg as expressed in letters to newspapers , can be based on stereotypes and prescriptive judgement.
16.11 As independence is strengthened, pupils should be encouraged to read more difficult texts and to look not only at what is said, but at how meaning is expressed and how effects are achieved in writing.
Listen and respond to stories, poems and other material read aloud, expressing opinions informed by what has been read.
They should learn to recognise when people's attitudes to language use,eg as expressed in letters to newspapers , reveal misunderstandings about the nature of language change.
Write in a variety of forms,eg notes, letters, instructions, stories, poems , for a range of purposes,eg to plan, to inform, to explain, to entertain, to express attitudes or emotions.
Write in a wider variety of forms,eg notes, personal letters, formal letters, instructions, essays, newspaper articles, reviews, biographies, stories, poems, playscripts, radio and TV scripts,for a wider range of purposes,eg to plan, to formulate hypotheses, to inform, to explain, to compare and contrast, to persuade, to entertain, to express attitudes or emotions, to shape experience imaginatively , and for a range of audiences.
ideas should be differently ordered or more fully expressed in order to convey their meaning;
(iii) Building on their experience of reading and hearing a wide range of poetry, they should have opportunities, both individually and in groups, to use poetic features such as rhythm, rhyme and alliteration in verse forms such as jingles, limericks, ballads, haiku, etc. (iv) Pupils should have opportunities to write for a range of communicative or informative purposes including describing, explaining, giving instructions, reporting, expressing a point of view.
(v) Pupils should learn how to organise and express their meaning appropriately for different specified audiences, eg their peers, their teacher, known adults, younger children, unknown but designated adults,eg a planning officer, a road safety officer, a novelist or poet .
(iv) Pupils should have opportunities to write for a wider range of communicative or informative purposes, including: describing, explaining, giving instructions, reporting, expressing a point of view, persuading, comparing and contrasting ideas, arguing for different points of view.
(v) Pupils should learn how to organise and express their meaning appropriately not only for different specified audiences (as for key stage 3) but also for generalised unknown audiences,eg in producing instructions for a game, letters to a newspaper, publicity campaigns, etc .
1.8 The three profile components we recommend are as follows:•speaking and listening — with one attainment target: the development of pupils' understanding of the spoken word and the capacity to express themselves effectively in a variety of speaking and listening activities, matching style and response to audience and purpose.
The British expressed a fear of the Muslims since the imperial dynasty which they had replaced had been Muslim.
Its prophet, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, proclaimed the right of all people to express their national character through the exercise of political sovereignty in a government of their own.
Thus, Bauer's analysis led to a sharp possible separation of the economic and the cultural, each supposedly expressing the international and the national.
Rosa Luxemburg was full of scorn —‘such a formula expresses either absolutely nothing, so that it is an empty non-committal phrase, or else it expresses the unconditional duty of socialists to support all national aspirations, in which case it is simply false’.
To those who expressed alarm at the fact that Finland and Poland were already separating from Russia:
Thus, in his eyes, a nation was a community of people with a common language, territory, economic activity, and a particular psychological make-up as the result of a distinct historical experience, expressed in a common culture.
For every Palestinian who expressed doubts about the worth of returning, there were hundreds who would go back to what is now Israel if they had the opportunity to do so, people like David Damiani, a Christian whose family had been in Palestine since the time of the Crusades.
It is no longer a steam locomotive but a fast diesel pulling a trail of red, white and blue carriages, an express that rumbles down to Ashqelon between the orchards and the sea.
It was a reference point without which the tragedy could not be expressed.
Chamoun himself was less of a Francophile than an Anglophile and his contempt for Nasser bore a strange similarity to the equally irrational hatred expressed for the Egyptian leader by Eden's Suez adventure would be successful in deposing Nasser.
Their principal characteristics were a declared love of Lebanon, a publicly expressed desire to respect the National Covenant and a ruthless determination to ensure that their power was passed on to their sons.
Avoiding the stigma of using the word ‘Palestinians’, Ford would later express his thanks to what he called ‘Arab soldiers’ who had ‘helped’with the evacuation.
A flight of Lebanese Hawker Hunters from the Rayak air base, now in Syrian hands, flew over the hotel as Sarkis expressed his ‘unshakeable faith in the ability of our people to rebuild a new Lebanon based on fraternity, unity and hatred of any form of partition.’
But I have often felt that the concern expressed over this issue is actually only addressing those problems associated with animal species.
While Clarke has expressed confidence about the state of British science, Phillips is worried.
Patrick McLoughlin, the junior minister, replied: ‘Member states expressed a willingness to help.’
On 15 June 1955 (yes, that's 35 years ago) the Daily Express ran a story about the Met Office's new telephone service.
She rummages in her jewellery box where brooches, necklaces and earrings are jumbled together with enamel lapel badges expressing support for various radical causes —Support the Miners, Crusade for Jobs, Legalize Pot, A Woman's Right To Choose — and selects a silver brooch in which the CND symbol and the Yin sign are artfully entwined.
When he got out, he had the feeling he wasn't wanted and that as an infant he was a problem to his family — a feeling which he expressed publicly long before he became aware that his sister was really his mother.
Nicholson, at this point, was in the news through the acclaim being bestowed upon him for Easy Rider , and his first taste of stardom was received with some apprehension; his on-screen connections with marijuana and LSD also attracted a great deal of media coverage; serious press interviews, with him personally as the focus and centre of attention, were also unfamiliar territory into which he ventured nervously, almost unsure of what he was going to say and how he was going to express his feelings and opinions; he had plenty, and serious ones at that.
5 How would you see the formalization of our having a hand in preparing the initial print material (colleagues have not expressed undiluted admiration for that which accompanies the 3000) and for producing sound pedagogic printed backup material for selling in addition to the hand held device.
The first is to convey a picture of ordinary later life and its diverse patterns and meanings as older men and women have expressed it to us.
The elderly who expressed continuing sexual interests would be mercilessly ridiculed by the youth groups of their village.
But almost a quarter of the childhood memories do express distinct feelings.
The women were the spinsters, completing the ‘Dual Economy’ so neatly expressed by Herrick, who understood the women's importance in the cottage economy:
Two hundred dollars in American Express traveller's cheques missing, their numbers in my stolen bag.
With the most impressive efficiency and a phone call to Tucson, the American Express Office in Avenida del Sol issued me with a fresh set after half an hour's verification: necessary, Ian told me, because there are so many freeloaders who keep on going by selling their cheques and claiming they have been stolen.
I thought of the  fearful apprehension of the drug smuggler at the start of Midnight Express , his heart thumping, beads of guilty sweat on his lips.
Egyptian non-alignment and its receipt of arms from Czechoslovakia was taken in the West to be dangerously pro-Soviet, and Britain and the United States expressed their disapproval by withdrawing their offer of substantial economic aid.
Whereas before the 1967 war most of the bellicosity had been verbal, after 1967 it was expressed in greatly intensified rearming.
On the one hand it expressed its unease, recalling the need for a comprehensive solution which ‘must translate into fact the right of the Palestinian people to a homeland’, but on the other hand certain members of the Community — Britain, Italy, the Netherlands and France — agreed to help implement the treaty militarily.
Only the small secular Lebanese parties, particularly the Communists, and also the visionary Shiite party, Hizballah, still expressed solidarity with the Palestinian movement on Lebanese soil.
Like the secular movements, the Islamic tendency was expressed in university life.
When Arafat met with King Husayn and President Mubarak in Aqaba in October 1988 amid reports of negotiations on a Palestinian Jordanian confederation, UNLU was quick to condemn the idea and express its own concern: ‘when the Palestine National Movement is increasingly united around clear, unambiguous political proposals, rumors of confederation negotiations are worrying and confusing.’
The anxiety was more one of style, about its bureaucracy, its lack of enthusiasm for social and economic change and its susceptibility to venality and materialism (most clearly expressed in its use of Joint Fund money).
This fear was well expressed by one long-serving member of the popular movement, ‘the PLO will be keen to control.
Now many more MPs expressed alarm about the actual impact of the tax on their constituents and, consequently, on their chances of re-election as they discovered to their dismay that most households would be paying far more in poll tax that they had under the old rating system.
His decision was prompted by Mrs Thatcher's vehemently expressed opposition to proposals for monetary union at a recent European Community summit in Rome and a strident populist performance in Parliament in which she displayed considerable hostility to the idea of European integration.
Indeed, the implication of his resignation letter was that for five years there had been conflict at the very heart of the government that had precipitated the earlier resignations of Heseltine, Lawson and, in July 1990, Nicholas Ridley, the Trade and industry Secretary (the last after he had expressed intemperate views about Britain's European partners that many observers believed the Prime Minister herself shared).
On the eve of the ballot both camps expressed confidence about the outcome: Mrs Thatcher's team anticipated gaining sufficient votes to win outright: Heseltine's followers asserted that he had enough support to force a second ballot.
Mrs Thatcher expressed confidence that she would win and declared again, as she had at the outset, that even if she did not win outright she would continue to a second ballot no matter how narrow the margin of her majority over Heseltine.
Although they continued throughout to support Mrs Thatcher, a number were known privately to have expressed the belief that a failure to secure outright victory on the first ballot might irretrievably damage her authority and force her to stand down.
Ardent supporters and a number of ministers applauded her resolve, stressing the narrowness of the margin by which she had failed to achieve an outright win (blaming the complicated election rules for the stalemate), and expressed full confidence in victory in the second ballot.
Some  expressed the fear that she would be humiliated if she carried on, or that even if she won she would be leading a demoralised party.
Thus, whereas the Conservatives have tended to equate active citizenship with a sort of Samuel Smiles social self-help, SLD supporters have expressed themselves in terms of self-government.
These technical and demographic facts of life were as significant in shaping Conservative social thought in the 1980s as the scorn expressed in the rhetoric about social security parasites and swindlers.
But if these commentators believed that schools were failing to hone their pupils' political critical faculties to a sufficient sharpness, by the 1980s, as we have seen, right-wing commentators were expressing the contrary view.
Linked with identity, this expresses itself as loyalty; linked with obligations and duties, it is a sense of responsibility.
That is not to say that British citizens in the legal sense have no rights, only that they are not part of the express legal concept of citizenship.
The objective of the Commission was that ‘young people should leave a school with some confidence in their  ability to participate in their society, to resolve conflict and, if they oppose a course of action, to express that opposition fairly, effectively and peacefully’.
They also express the hope that the citizenship record of school pupils could be given more weight by universities and other institutions of higher education when admitting students, and this could be facilitated by the inclusion in UCCA and PCAS forms of a standard section in which a reference to community involvement could be included.
The Committee has nevertheless expressed its own views on programme policy and decisions, as, of course, have individual Members.
For example the 1989 Report expressed the hope that there would be regional as well as national programming, that committees would be covered, and that there would be a significant amount of live broadcasting.
The IBA survey showed that many Members expressed dissatisfaction with the acoustics.
Some chairmen of select committees were critical of some aspects of their coverage, mainly because they would like to be covered even more, but most chairmen expressed their satisfaction with the way in which the work of select committees had been portrayed on television during the experiment.
Much anxiety was expressed before the experiment lest televising would encourage showing off, bad behaviour or rowdiness.
The House agreed with the Committee's report, with only one Member, Mr David Amess, expressing total opposition to permanent televising and only 34 Members (including tellers) voting against the motion (contrast the division in 1988 when 266 Members voted against the holding of an experiment).
Pavlov (1927) expressed the view that the OR evoked by a novel stimulus constituted an ‘obstacle’ to conditioning; and indeed, if conditioning is seen as a process in which the OR comes to be replaced by the CR, it might be expected that pre-exposure to the CS would facilitate this process.
Kalat (1977), by contrast, makes an attempt to express the notion of learned non-correlation in more traditional, associative terms.
Miller and Dollard make only brief mention of the idea (on which James concentrates) of acquired distinctiveness; but Miller (1948) explicitly acknowledges both possibilities, expressing them in terms of S-R theory.
Gibson's (1940) account of differentiation in paired-associate learning was expressed in part in the S-R terminology then current.
Lithuanian photographer Aleksandras Macijauskas would admit to creating art if pressed, although he might express surprise at the impact his photography has had through exhibitions in Europe and America as well as in the former ‘eastern block’.
The earliest sports images of the 1984 Summer Los Angeles Olympic Games lead on to graphic architectural landscapes, floral illusions, environmental impressions and memories of exotic travel destinations combined to express the moment, sensation and experience.’
‘I'm pleased with the commercials I've made, but I consider my photographs to be the medium through which I can express myself,’ he says.
Words cannot express the sadness of seeing a teenager who looks barely older than a young child suffering from severe malnutrition, but there are the wonderful moments such as a child who suffered tremendous burns after a candle fell and set fire to her night-dress; after months of careful dressing and cleaning her wounds have virtually healed — without the clinic the little girl would almost certainly have died.
His large sunburnt face and prominent blue eyes expressed determination and excitement.
Perhaps it did express something which she really deeply felt, the sort of fear which she felt.
She had seen his point of view and expressed it even better than he did.
He was glad that he had expressed to her, however blunderingly, what he felt.
A similar opinion is expressed by Beckerman (1974: 239–40):
Some of these can be expressed as a distance-decay function and indeed costs of migration may largely be a matter of distance as in the case of outmigration from island economies such as are found in the Caribbean or Oceania; others are political and virtually insurmountable, such as national frontiers.
Very favourable accounts by Sandbach (1980) and Qu Geping (1980) have recently been qualified by Howard (1981) for the highly vulnerable loess soils; some reservations and the need for further mobilisation of the masses as expressed by Dequi et al .
There is seldom any serious political analysis either of the ruling class(es) and how they express their interests through the state and its institutions or of ‘civil society’ where the conservation is supposed to happen.
Many of these opportunities are expressed in terms of different crops and associated agricultural practices (inter-cropping, mulching, or tie-ridging) which have direct implications for soil erosion.
The point made here and in Heyer, Roberts and Williams (1981) is that these conflicts of interest and how they are expressed in governments (and outside) have to be recognised.
However, where blacks had no viable method of expressing nationalism when disillusion with the achievements of civil rights set in, Catholics could revert to a nationalism which already shaped much of their previous experience.
A few expressed their regrets, apologies etc. that they had not ‘been as active in the past as I would have liked’.
It expressed resentment at the failure of the Government to concede majority rule, but welcomed the commission in principle, reserving judgement until full details were available.
Or had Ash finally floundered in his inability to express his sense of urgency?
They quarrelled hardly at all and when they did it was almost always because Roland expressed concern about Val's reserve with the world in general, her refusal to advance opinions in class, and later, even to him.
All appealed to Miss LaMotte on the question of the rapping spirits; she declined to express an opinion, answering only with a Monna Lisa smile.
They say it expresses women's impotent desire.
The papers we have in our Archive are essentially the contents of Christabel's desk when she died — she expressed a wish that they should be sent to one of her nieces, May Bailey, ‘in the hope that she may come to care about poetry’.’
What draws us to make pretty what should express Brute Power?
The negative views B. S. Johnson expresses above are fairly widely shared: Malcolm Bradbury points to the existence of a general critical assumption that after the work of the modernists, the ‘experimental tradition’ in Britain may simply have lapsed (Bradbury 1973: 86).
Beckett's Molloy expresses it, for example, when he remarks, ‘I began at the beginning, like an old ballocks, can you imagine that?’
B. S. Johnson's House Mother Normal (1971) uses the contents of eight minds at, or close to, this point, and one ‘normal’ perspective, to  express a multi-faceted range of interpretative possibilities created by a single event in an old people's home.
What origins, and what final justice, can be found for the critical assumption that, as Bradbury expresses it, ‘the experimental  tradition did shift or lapse’ in Britain after modernism (Bradbury 1973: 86)?
Doris Lessing's later transition into science fiction writing indicates another complete alternative to realistic conventions, fantasy offering a strategy for escaping altogether the obligation to express a male-dominated world.
The potential of such a situation is expressed in a different way by Brian McHale through reference to the work of Mikhail Bakhtin.
The tension between the two is expressed in terms of imminence at the end of the novel when a V-rocket is poised to land on a crowded theatre.
This latter sequence expresses in miniature what the novel as a whole is undertaking.
Expressed in this way, linguistic foregrounding becomes an exercise in self-indulgence, whereas these writers are particularly anxious about how literary discourse relates to other discourses and how literary plotting compares with other systems of ordering.
A silence, apparently the same as another silence, could express a hundred different notions; a whistle could too, for that matter; to speak to one another by remaining silent, or by whistling, is always possible; the problem is understanding one another.
Emblematic in that respect are the short stories of Jorge Luis Borges which debunk man's intellectual pretensions and express scepticism about his ability to understand his world.
The afore-mentioned tendency of writers to insist on the fictionality of their work is to be understood partly in the context of the attitude here expressed by Borges.
Another way in which the new narrative extends the range of traditional realism is by re-creating modes of spoken speech, not for reasons of costumbrism or authenticity, but to portray a society through the way in which it expresses itself orally.
Arguedas, however, was faced with the thorny problem of translating into the alien medium of Spanish the sensibility of a people which expresses itself in Quechua, and his great achievement has been to evolve a style which captures the rhythm and flavour of Quechua to convey the spiritual world of the Andean Indians.
Thus, the protagonists' encounter with a postman who is too drunk to articulate properly or to deliver his letters, which he keeps dropping in the street, is one of a series of symbolic episodes expressing the generalized breakdown of communication in a country that has lost all sense of social cohesion.
More generally, Onetti's disenchantment with Western civilization expresses itself through protagonists who are at odds with society and seek to create their own alternative reality.
More fundamentally, the new Spanish-American narrative challenges Eurocentrism by expressing a Third-World experience and by drawing on its own local cultural tradition.
In many works, in fact, the Latin-American people's struggle against  social, political and economic domination expresses itself in cultural terms, in resistance to the dominant culture imposed by Western imperialism.
It is here that so much of Bohemia's power, history, spirituality, and creativity is expressed.
Expressing a desire to see the world first, he set off to spend a year teaching elementary mathematics in Kenya.
‘I didn't feel like spending the rest of my life waiting around for the parts David Niven turned down,’ was how he expressed it.
Soil types should be expressed in terms of the classification described in chapter one.
Acceptability therefore is important and almost entirely expressed in user comments gained from questioning.
Percentage may be expressed either as volume or weight ratios.
Otherwise 100 litres is taken as the base for the highest consumption process and for the others doses are expressed proportional to the highest level.
They may be expressed in terms of overall expenditure and cost per item and include comparisons with historic expenditure and budget expectations.
Objectives need to be much more directly expressed.
Disinfection standards will usually be expressed by reference to a total count or levels of particular micro-organisms obtained by a stated method of sampling.
Elizabeth does wish to express her condolences.
The high loading capacity of the existing warehouse floors meant that little structural alteration was required, and the new steel-framed structure, which is simply and elegantly expressed, was designed to rest on the party walls.
Mr Holdsworth expressed reservations about the seventh firm and sought a meeting with the Chief Technical Officer.
The very essence of his buildings is expressed through intimately relating ornament to structure so, together, they create astonishing, tautly dynamic, glittering volumes and spaces for people.
But in all the buildings made today, in the most beautiful locations, there are very few which express their environment.
They express technology of industrial materials, efficient space management.
Many said we should express the spirit of our time.
The idea is neither to express the spirit of the times, nor go backwards and create a Disney World of history.
The purity of natural form is expressed in the brick squinch arches forming the pendentive supporting the dome
Robert Adam had incorporated a suite of private apartments into the main floor at Mellerstain in 1770 and Atkinson had built a particularly well-planned example, clearly expressed as a separate private wing, in 1803 at Scone.
In fact many institutions express this as a recommendation, albeit a strong one where the commitment is obligatory, and averaging over two or three years is often permitted to allow for varying circumstances.
Never was the enormous authority of this machine for living in ever so well expressed as in this scene of picturesque desolation.
The incessant shuttle of railway speed, the myriad daily encounters of all sorts and conditions of men owing to this cheap expedition, the resulting flux and murkiness in place of definite conviction, the unambitious content as long as one can find some modus vivendi amongst such heterogeneous diversity — this peculiar characteristic of the time (its weakness and its strength) is the special outcome of express trains.
Over every railway station the flag of Hope waves bright, while day after day the befriending express moves in and out on its errand of health.
Ruskin would surely have been surprised if he had been told that a time would come when railway stations, like lakes and mountains, would become a part of the imaginative life of men, and when the sounding express engine no less than the sounding cataract would rouse in them a noble delight.
Twenty-seven trains a day stop at it or start from it; it serves even the expresses.
The great Continental stations, Paris, Stuttgart, Vienna, Budapest, Bucharest, Constantinople, have been the beginning and ending and en route stopping-places in the wealth of literature inspired by that acme of railway luxury, the Orient Express, the train on which James Bond once shot a man for ordering red wine with his fish.
Alan A. Jackson, in his careful, thorough study of London termini, expressed the new revised standpoint:
Fry deliberately wrote the next part of his essay in a railway refreshment room (‘One must remember that public places of this kind merely reflect the average citizen's soul, as expressed in his home’).
With these stations, extravagance was expressed in scale rather than in exuberance of architecture, although many of them continued to be richly detailed.
American architects turned to new forms of expressing grandeur.
The tracks for suburban trains lay below those of the express system, while the suburban concourse and waiting-room in turn lay below the vast apartments in the ‘thermal’ style for long-distance passengers.
Baggage and passengers were separated, and the suburban and express passengers had no need to coincide with each other.
But station architecture was perhaps expressed in its most vigorous and diversified forms in the countless thousands of small country and medium-sized town stations coast to coast.
Stations frequently expressed the social tone of the areas they served.
With their telegraph and cable facilities, their express freight and post office services, these stations were the Most important buildings in their communities.
A CPR guidebook of 1897 expressed the company's pride in its Windsor Station:
It was to be on a new site and act as a combined station for suburban and express services.
Montreal Central eventually served the CPR express lines as well as the CNR, but, compared with Toronto or Cincinnati Union, there was something half-hearted about it, despite the trumpetings with which it was received during the war.
Independent India has been unable to express any distinctive national culture through its new stations.
What should that placid little people know of the rattle and rush of an express train, typical as it is of the nerve-wasting haste with which we Westerners live our lives?
Flinders Street was the commuter station for Melbourne, main-line expresses leaving from the less imposing Spencer Street.
Russians in Central Asia, imperialists in India, South-East Asia, and Africa, colonizers in Australasia, and the commercial intruders in China and Japan all expressed themselves with striking forcefulness through this one architectural type.
Of course, I could not have expressed this view to Mr Farraday without embarking upon what might have seemed a presumptuous speech.
To be worthwhile, any such conference would have to be of sufficient weight so that it could have a decisive effect on the ‘official’ international conferences — several of which had already taken place with the express purpose of reviewing the treaty, but which had succeeded in producing only confusion and bitterness.
Indeed, I heard several times his lordship express the view that without the participation of such a personage, any discussion on the topic of Germany would be little more than an indulgence.
Of course, I had heard these same sentiments expressed by his lordship on many occasions before, but such was the depth of conviction with which he spoke in this august setting that I could not help but be moved afresh.
He opened by expressing his gratitude to all present that the discussions during the previous two days, ‘though at times exhilaratingly frank’, had been conducted in a spirit of friendship and the desire to see good prevail.
Just as there is an imperative to express gratitude formally and publicly to Lord Darlington, who has brought us here and made possible this present spirit of unity and goodwill, there is, I believe, an imperative to openly condemn any who come here to abuse the hospitality of the host, and to spend his energies solely in trying to sow discontent and suspicion.
Perhaps you think me unduly harsh to express these things so openly.
‘He expressed a keen desire to see you, sir.’
Portraits of Greek philosophers and city fathers, mostly devised in the fourth century BC and often highly individualised, had expressed admiration of their subjects' asceticism, their seniority and wisdom.
More commonly powerful Romans had themselves portrayed with their bodies idealised in the  Greek manner and their heads idealised in the Roman tradition — indeed, even Pompey never quite lost his homely Roman countenance The result was an aesthetic catastrophe, but the harshly jarring styles accurately conveyed the confusion of cultures in the early first century BC, a time when many well-to-do Romans completed their education in Athens, but when the moral values expressed in traditional Roman portraits were still considered an essential element in the representation of individuals.
May I finally express a wish that readers of this book will enjoy the text, perhaps learn, but most importantly debate and discuss it.
Mr Tondut of Roo Management expressed outrage at the difficulties conservationists caused him and was quoted in the national press as saying, ‘I  don't want to do anything to damage these houses.
This provides a forum for everyone to express their views, challenge the need for demolition and put forward alternatives.
The local newspaper published a letter from the Queen Mother, as patron of the Georgian Group, expressing her concern for the building.
SAVE had meanwhile expressed its concern to the Department of the Environment and received an intimation that the ministers might consider serving an enforcement notice if the local authority demurred.
They express no horror.
I knew what was happening, and my voice expressed the knowledge.
I wanted to express my fear and my horror.
Tiny gilt bells record the passage of the wind, and an amiable buddha expresses a worldly, less than tranquil smile on the bustle around his feet.
Aboard the Trans-Siberian Express
Even the express was beginning to show signs of vulnerability to the elements.
She was usually dressed and waiting half-an-hour before the express pulled in.
Several minutes before the express was due to pull out, the platform was empty.
They stood up from their points-cleaning to watch the express pass when, to the delight of her comrades, one of them bellowed ‘Mishka!’ to the train driver through a rolled-up magazine.
By the time the express clattered into Zabajjkal'sk, on the Russian side of the border, the attentions of the conductress coupled with her own resolve had prepared the woman for the formalities.
I was placed in an express stream, specialized in arts subjects, after four years took nine subjects in the School Certificate, and then specialized still further to take English, history, and French for two years in the sixth form.
Central government and received opinion were powerless against that pressure, which expressed itself most clearly in the urge to enter secondary-modern pupils for public examinations.
Those placed in an ‘express’ stream had even less reason for preserving a broad curriculum: like myself and my contemporaries in Cardiff High School they rattled along to their first public examination (O level after 1951) at the age of fifteen, and so secured the privilege of early entry — together with the possibility of some extra time — in the sixth form.
The divers would like to express their gratitude.
The Dean, Lord Moran (1882–1977), had close connections with Lord Beaverbrook (1879–1964), already a benefactor and, more important, proprietor of the Daily Express newspaper.
In England Almroth Wright was expressing similar views.
The Orthodox church wedding ceremony includes the crowning of the bride and groom, which expresses the truth that marriage symbolizes God's rule on earth.
It becomes a cause of further alienation, expressing the dependence of one partner and the lonely giving and resignation of the other.
One of the great passages of the Old Testament, Psalm 139, expresses the intimacy of God's love for us:
Later, in the interplay of presence and absence, the lover expresses her yearning for her absent lover:
The Book of Proverbs expresses this dependence on God for trust in this way:
I vividly remember some years ago, sitting in a private room in Washington DC, expressing this to a high official in the White House.
Their experience, as Augustine expressed it, took them:
‘Know that you are human and nothing more,’ might express the spirit of this inscription.
The problem is that no amount of self-knowledge can entirely express our full humanity, precisely because we are incomplete beings.
One hymn expresses this vision of a transformed humanity in this way:
John of the Cross, the mystical writer, expresses this truth:
This expresses the confidence and boldness of having said it all.
Everything has been expressed and exposed before God, so there is nothing to hide, and no concern about being made vulnerable.
The writer of the Book of Hebrews expresses Christian confidence in this way: ‘Let us then approach the throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need.’
This chapter looks at how our personalities can experience ‘more than we can ask or think’, as Paul the apostle once expressed it.
We seem to be unaware of our true essence, unable to express that essence authentically, and therefore unable to embody who we really are in the sight of others.
This discovery of our true selves is most strongly expressed in the sayings of Jesus known as ‘the beatitudes’.
Instead, they express the source of our personal well-being and blessing.
Jacopone da Todi, the follower of Francis, expressed it in this way:
To the romantic Jesus expresses his hunger and desire to live only by the words of God.
This longing is profoundly expressed by John of the Cross:
A new stillness enters our hearts, where there is no longer any need to express ourselves.
To the observer, Jesus expresses mercy.
Paul expressed it in this way: ‘I live; yet not I, but Christ lives in me.’
To have purity of heart is to become godly, expressing the holiness of God, so that in turn we may ‘see God’.
In a world that substitutes power for relationships, lust for love and magic for the true love of God, we will always have to fight to express the truth of what it means to be truly human.
Augustine expressed his own restlessness and desire by saying to God: ‘You created us for yourself, and our hearts are restless until they find their rest in you.’
Christian joy expresses a fullness of life that is infinite, everlasting, and incorruptible.
As we saw in chapter ten, the beatitudes of Jesus express the radicalism of living under the rule of God's own character.
This joy expresses unlimited trust in the power of God to transform the most stubborn aspects of our human nature.
The poet George Herbert expressed this truth:
To praise God, says C. S. Lewis, ‘not merely expresses but completes the enjoyment; it is its appointed consummation.’
The words of a song by the group Supertramp express the feelings of many people:
This sense of being a stranger on earth is well expressed by Malcolm Muggeridge, who was an old hand at lampooning the foibles of the world:
At least nine times over the writer expresses his delight in meditating upon God and his word.
The poet George Herbert knew this well, and expressed it best in his poem The Pearl :
Desiring and delighting in God express the fullness with which we love him.
This is not simply to say that emotions are expressed, but that emotions are reformed, cleansed, redirected and redeemed.
One week before attending the special clinic, Jonathan had noticed some staining of his underpants and on examining his penis, not a thing he was in the habit of doing, he found that he could express a little clear mucoid discharge from it.
They contain, rather like a blackhead, a plug of material which can be expressed if the lesion is squeezed.
Some doubt has been expressed about the method of spread of this disease since it is by no means always found in the sexual partners of infected individuals.
However, the back of the prostate is adjacent to the anterior wall of the rectum, and by gently massaging the gland from inside the rectum, a bead of fluid can be expressed and ‘milked’ along the urethra until it appears at the urethral meatus.
Average mothers, with ten children between them, expressing the typical anxiety (shared with parents all over the world) what their offspring eat this evening should be good, wholesome and, above all, safe.
One of the most outspoken letters we received, and one which expressed much of the anger you all felt, was this from practising veterinary surgeon Kendal Shepherd.
Is it easy for your mate to feel and express feelings of intimacy towards you?
Difficulty expressing one's emotions often stems from unresolved childhood conflicts.
Most people understand the need to express, but not what you have to take in first.
The express leaves in five minutes — I can see it from where I'm speaking.
Only four minutes now before that express begins to move…’
He boarded the express with two minutes to spare.
The tannoy was calling out a message about an express leaving for Basle in Switzerland.
It's a shame that someone as obviously capable of expressing himself as you is given to such bursts of undisguised racism and ignorance.
In early 81, it tried to do for Oi what the New Musical Express had done for early punk, acting as midwife, prefect and publicist for a grassroots rock movement with political overtones.
In '77, the New Musical Express helped briefly to divert a lot of punks away from the nihilism of the Sex Pistols towards Rock Against Racism and the Anti-Nazi League.
We can use 600 as a kind of benchmark for a game, and express all
We can use 600 as a kind of benchmark for a game, and express all scores as a percentage of this benchmark.
We can still express scores as a percentage of the ‘benchmark’, or ‘always cooperate’ score, even though that benchmark needs more complicated calculation and is no longer a fixed 600 points.
One way to express the answer is that it might happen by ‘chance’.
But ‘chance’ is just a word expressing ignorance.
Parasites, too, don't have to live inside their hosts; their genes can express themselves in hosts at a distance.
This is why — it is just another way of expressing the message of earlier chapters — the bee colony looks and behaves like a truly integrated single vehicle.
I have no doubt that every mystery of nature has a scientific explanation that may, one day, be expressed in terms of intellectual logic.
Steven Morrissey was impressed and compared the Pistols to his beloved New York Dolls in the New Musical Express letters page.
One band, Sense Of Purpose, expressed a desire to start a fanzine based around The Smiths.
Many a bedroom door was tightly shut for six weeks while the inmate consumed and (that old cliché) related to the sentiments expressed.
As popular misuc is an effective soapbox, then people will always use it to express their feelings and quite rightly.
He still considered himself something of a failed journalist (NME amongst others, had turned him down five times in the early years) and he often expressed a desire to use his new found influence to move into spasmodic fits of journalese.
The Smiths believe that the sentiments they express are unique and that the music is good enough to cause a general improvement by its sheer excellence.
For weeks prior to this, provincial and national newspapers had been expressing their outrage at the title of the album.
I can only explain my reluctance, honestly, to the fact that up to now I wasn't ready — the views expressed might be too ‘militant’, lesbian-orientated and ‘anarchist’ for the type of feminism I was espousing.
There is so much to be learned from what these women express in words and pictures — are we brave enough to listen?
The contributors to Passion have expressed the desire to support the Project not for financial gain or fame (although these are by-products on occasion!).
Sharon Lutchman is of Indian descent and draws upon her diverse cultural influences to express herself.
Clearly, the brutal war culture so enthusiastically expressed in the West finds a mirror in the resistance to US hegemony.
I express to you the most earnest desire of my heart to be that prosperity and success in social and moral improvement may attend increasingly from year to year the progress of this library.
In contradiction to Mr Linfield's opinion as expressed in his letter, I believe the policies set in place resulted in procedures that all librarians now, working in multi-cultural communities, would consider quite reasonable and normal.
As long ago as the seventeenth century worries have been expressed about the inadequacies of official libraries.
Many of the important properties of products, and particularly cosmetic products, are assessed subjectively, e.g., appearance, colour, odour, taste, texture, and cannot readily be expressed in numerical terms.
Be patient if he moves or speaks slowly: give him time and encourage him to express himself.
It's quite another thing to share a summit with 60 people who express disappointment that there is no hot-dog stand.
Thus a river's wildlife is adapted to, and expresses, its particular local character and that of its different reaches with an almost infinite variety.
Many medieval millers paid their rent to the lord of the manor in eels; and when the water-mill in the centre of Stafford was pulled down after the last war, the laconic miller expressed as his only regret: ‘I shall miss the eels.’
Thus drainage schemes, carried out for the express purpose of intensifying agriculture, converting land from grass to cereals, and ‘rationalizing’ hedge and ditch systems, may create further drainage problems in their turn.
He defended himself vigorously in a series of letters, protesting — in this case to the journalist William Archer — that ‘The very last charges I expected them to bring against a book concerned merely with the doom of hereditary temperament & unsuitable mating in marriage were that it was an attack on marriage in general, that it was immoral, & that characters who recant their opinions & come to a sad end were puppets invented to express my personal views in their talk.’
For such critics Hardy traced an essential parallel with the irregularity of Gothic architecture in which he had been trained, and noted ‘There is latent music in the sincere utterance of deep emotion, however expressed, which fills the place of the actual word-music in rhythmic phraseology on thinner emotive subjects, or on subjects with next to none at all.’
Much against Florence's advice,Late Lyrics and Earlier opened with an Apology in which he expressed surprise that ‘in these disordered years of our prematurely afflicted century’ critics should still find fault with his ‘frank exploration of reality’.
His poetry, however, has always had a special importance for other poets, and it was W. H. Auden who expressed the feelings of many when he wrote in 1940 on the centenary of Hardy's birth,
In fact, however, resistance to the new police continued to be expressed in the street violence and riots as ‘the plague of blue locusts’ spread throughout the country between 1829 and 1856, and in particular as it came to the working class communities of the North (Storch, 1975, p. 94).
The harshly punitive impact of the new   social conservatism on these women and their children contrasts with right-wing rhetoric expressing concern for the family.
Anglers sing the praises of Loch Assynt with similar fervour to that expressed by Norman MacCaig.
The United States proudly acknowledged the dependence of its founders upon the principles of the ‘glorious revolution’, and continued to express profound regard for the tolerance and fair-mindedness of its erstwhile colonial master.
Indeed the decision in Malone is an indication of the extent to which the British courts are willing to tolerate major invasions of civil liberties without any express authority vested in state agents.
This was regardless of the unpopularity or obnoxiousness of the views that were being expressed — and protected.
In one leading case from 1963, a Fascist leader was convicted under the section for making a speech at a public meeting which deliberately provoked to fury the Jews, the members of CND, and the communists who had come to Trafalgar Square with the express intention of stopping the meeting.
If I thought that the present case raised the question which has been held in suspense by more than one writer on constitutional law — namely, whether an assembly can properly be held to be unlawful merely because the holding of it is expected to give rise to a breach of the peace on the part of persons opposed to those who are holding the meeting — I should wish to hear much more argument before I expressed an opinion.
Indeed, in 1981, Lord Scarman expressed concern about ‘too inward-looking and self-conscious an esprit de corps developing in the Group’.
So we see the emergence without any express authority of an ad hoc national police force, co-ordinating the use of highly trained riot police and operating aggressive and uncompromising new tactics.
I have already expressed the view that the scarcity of references in the books to the prerogative of keeping the peace within the realm does not disprove that it exists.
Lord Lane did, however, express concern on behalf of the court that to some people, ‘putting into the dock together defendants who [had]been arrested on different occasions or at different places makes it difficult to avoid the appearance of ‘group justice’.
But the letters reveal an intelligent and lively young man, full of ideas and able to express them vividly.
At times my sleepy little daughter was brought down from the nursery and stood on a stool while John draped pieces of material on her and showed me how he wanted the costume move and flow, and so help to illustrate what he wanted to express and convey to an audience.
That sounds to me like the sort of liberal view which many of John's contemporaries would have expressed at that age, under the influence of reformers like A. S. Neill — a comparison that occurred to me before I discovered that he had been meant to attend Neill's school.
He expressed his thanks obliquely, like saying ‘Some magic fairy came in my room while I was asleep, and put a pile of clean shirts on the dresser’.
He never expressed any special wish to own a Mercedes until he could afford one: then he had to have it, and it had to be bright red.
John kept his plot very simple and concentrated on expressing the emotions of the two characters at every moment.
Likely to draw criticisms of bad taste from users of Rational and Traditional models (although Semi-Rational users more likely to express mixed envy and scorn, as above).
They buy a cot, a changing table, a convertible buggy/pram, a baby seat to go in the back of the car, a changing mat, a night-light, a sterilizing unit, five large bottles plus teats, five small bottles plus teats, five baby-grows (newborn size), three undervests (newborn size), three pairs of socks (newborn size), a mobile with four fluffy ducks dancing around a clockwork mechanism that plays the Brahms Lullaby , a wallpaper frieze with chickens on it which Paul has to put up in the nursery, a van-sized packet of newborn nappies, a tub of cream to put on the kid's bottom, a bucket of white emulsion to freshen up the nursery walls, a lampshade with more chickens on it to brighten up the nursery light, a parasol to go on the buggy and a breast pump for expressing milk.
The apparent lack of any meaning in its repetitive pattern is expressed in the following passage from the Epic of Gilgamesh : ‘There is no permanence.
The reasoning that led to this development was clearly expressed in a remarkable passage in a late writing known as the Persian Rivayat:
This was expressed mythologically by calling Oceanus, the river which encircles the world's disk, the origin of all things (Iliad , xiv.
Unlike adherents of other contemporary religions in the Roman empire, except Judaism, Christians regarded their religion as expressing the purpose of God in history; but whereas Judaism was concerned primarily with the fortunes of Israel, Christians considered their faith to be of universal significance.
Millenarian belief arose from combining the idea expressed in Psalm 89: 4 that ‘A day with the Lord is as a thousand years’ with the interpretation of the Sabbath, or seventh day, as a symbol of heavenly rest in accordance with Hebrews 4: 4–9.
His fervently expressed hope in the coming of the Age of the Holy Spirit may have had its origin in the Jewish concept of the Messianic Age, for like the latter it was regarded by him as lying essentially within history and not beyond it, being indeed the climax of history.
Hindu thought concerning the nature of time is well illustrated by the way in which causal relations were expressed in Sanskrit.
Pepys never expresses surprise or resentment.
A party of sightseers leaves the American Express Office at 55, Charlottenstrasse, Berlin, in 1913.
The American Express Company was founded in 1850, primarily to carry mail, gold bullion and passengers, but it gradually moved into shipping  and in the 1890s set up offices in Europe's major ports handling freight bound for the United States.
There were already American tourists visiting Europe whose lives were made easier by the newly-patented American Express ‘Travelers Cheque’.
Some executives of the company wanted to expand into the travel business, but in 1900 the testy head of American Express, James Congdell Fargo, was still adamantly against it, ‘I will not have gangs of trippers starting off in charabancs from in front of our offices the way they do from Cooks’, he stormed.
Daliba's enterprise triumphed and a photograph of 1913 shows an American Express charabanc, loaded with tourists, leaving the company's Berlin office on a sightseeing trip.
Today American Express is one of the largest travel companies in the world.
The very first cruise around the world in one ship was organized by American Express who chartered the Laconia in 1922.
That particular luxury did not appear until M. Georges Nagelmackers had copied Mr Pullman and introduced them in 1883, and even then they were for the rich who could afford to travel on the ‘Orient Express’.
Luxury for first class travellers: a sleeping car attendant delivers hot water bottles on the London-to-Inverness Express, January 1935.
It was in order to reach the Bosporus in style and comfort that Georges Nagelmackers created the ‘Orient Express’ which first steamed out of the Gare de l'Est in Paris in 1883, its passengers bound for Constantinople.
Top left The waiting room of Nyugati station, in Budapest, built like a palace to receive passengers from the ‘Orient Express’.
From 1977 the original coaches were found and restored to magnificence and the ‘Orient Express’ was relaunched as a luxury train in 1982.
Right Toilet cabinet on the ‘Orient Express’.
Right Comfort and style on board the luxurious ‘Orient Express’.
Bottom The ‘Orient Express’ travelling through Alpine scenery.
‘Orient Express’ staff in 1930s-style livery.
Dining car on the ‘Orient Express’ today.
The history of the ‘Orient Express’ is laced with romance.
There were and are other trains whose very names conjure excitement, among them: ‘Train Bleu’, ‘Golden Arrow’, ‘Sud’, ‘Bombay Express’, ‘Raj Express’, ‘Al Andalus Expreso’ and the ‘Trans-Siberian International Express’, also built by M. Nagelmackers, which had a gymnasium, library, music room, hairdressing salon and an entire wagon constructed as a chapel.
A service on the travelling chapel of the Trans-Siberian Express, 1906.
Cook's circular note was its forerunner but Marcellus Berry patented the name ‘Travelers Cheque’ for American Express much later in 1891.
As we enter the 1990s American Express and Thomas Cook are still the world's largest issuers of travellers cheques, and many savings institutions, travel agents and banks have followed their example, making the travellers cheque readily available.
The original American Express ‘travelers cheque’; guaranteed against loss or theft.
American Express in Paris: the famous office at 11, rue Scribe.
American Express entered the travel business in earnest in 1915.
As Hitler marched into European countries American Express and Thomas Cooks helped thousands of refugees to escape.
American Express found themselves responsible for hundreds of barking duffel bags.
The dogs weren't allowed on troopships but were entrusted to American Express to deliver to their owners once they had got home.
Recession and structural changes in the industry squeezed out many of the smaller  agencies, leaving Thomas Cook, American Express, Wagons-Lits and Carlson as the preeminent players in the global market.
The justification for this was expressed to be that it would thus be open to a court at a later date to review the matter of sex determination Ormrod J.'s decision, much cited and approved of in the House of Commons debate, evidently will remain the law.
Only marriage has for him the required social connotations, expressing the kind of personal and social commitment mentioned earlier.
I continue, however, to prefer the view I expressed earlier.
These are two ways of expressing what is now a widely accepted notion.
As for cost, even when we talk of technological development being, in health care, at the service of all who may need it, we realize that, in fact, its supply is limited, and the limitation is expressed usually in terms of cost.
Understood in this light, the technological imperative can be seen to pose a central dilemma which can be expressed thus: ‘If we can do it, we must.
Notice that talk of caring about the weakest and most vulnerable first may already, even when expressed so generally, have important implications for any consideration of the allocation of scarce technological resources to the care, for example, of neonates.
It is obvious that there is some danger that the principle may be swallowed by these exceptions, particularly the second, since the determination of a patient's lucidity is made by the doctor who may well disagree with the patient's expressed wish and want to override it.
In the 1976 Stevens Lecture, the Archbishop of Canterbury expressed his support for this as a moral principle.
If the patient had expressed a view while still competent as to the treatment he should receive, the precise legal status of such a statement or request is not clear.
Such express declarations have come to be known as Living Wills, and have received much attention in the United States and elsewhere.
If, for example, a patient expressed the wish that the doctor kill her if she reached a particular point of mental and physical deterioration, or if the request was that she be left to die when she was not terminally ill, then the doctor would be legally obliged to ignore the request.
Occasionally, disquiet is expressed that the law is not more coherently set out.
Some state categorically that the fact that a patient is judged mentally unfit does not mean that he can therefore have treatment forced upon him against his will and despite his express refusal.
For it is the doctor who makes the determination that the view expressed by the patient is unreliable and that the particular treatment is called for.
Even if the patient is compulsorily admitted under the Mental Health Act, and can therefore be deprived of his liberty, there is no authority that I know of to justify medical treatment against his express refusal.
A final point which ought to be considered is whether the doctor may be liable under section 2 in the case that the patient expressing the wish to die is mentally unfit.
The first reason is really the other side of the view already considered, namely, that a patient's express wish may be disregarded on the ground that he was not of sound mind.
It is also an immensely difficult decision for the doctor, who will have established over time a relationship of confidence with all but the most severely unfit of his patients (who anyway are unlikely to have expressed a view), which confidence will be shattered if the patient's request is ignored, thereby adding, if possible, to the unhappiness of the patient.
The crucial point about CAMs is that they can provide specific adhesion between cells, and that cells express different CAMs at different stages in development.
There is a set of genes involved in patterning the embryo, the homeobox genes (Chapter 7), which are expressed in the developing limb buds in just the Way that would suggest that they may encode positional information.
Whereas hostility was expressed towards me in the taunts and jeers of my classmates and even by physical assault, I reckoned that Elsie would have had to put up with prejudice of a different sort.
The mention of this allowed him to express once more how ‘utterly desperate’ a place England was.
Maidstone expressed the wish to go for a walk — slowly — along the sea front.
She expressed her wonder at this and asked for the name in Italian.
I do not know any other way to express it.
But of course, once Mrs Farr Senior had expressed doubts about a woman, it meant Henry was almost duty bound to marry her, just as, as soon as she expressed a political or aesthetic opinion, he immediately experienced a passionate surge of enthusiasm for the view most directly opposed to it.
He was almost as hostile to his own mother as he was to Elinor's, even though the politesse observed by his family meant he had not yet worked out a way of expressing it.
Having been taught, first at an expensive public school and then at Oxford University, to express herself to order, she found the poor creatures who shambled along to 23 Dorman Road every Saturday, Thursday, Monday and Wednesday absolutely no competition at all.
It wasn't simply that he was managing to smile with his mouth full — a difficult enough task at the best of times — it was that his smile expressed so many real, positive qualities that it must be designed to sell something.
She would have to eat a bucket of chicken vindaloo to get the stuff down her and, although there had been publicly expressed doubts about the kitchens of the ‘Tandoori’, Wimbledon, they hadn't, as far as Henry knew, got around to using bleach to liven up their menu.
The Hawaiian tongue was given a written form for the express purpose of translating the Bible.
When I  left them behind in Cambridge, I got my wife to send them express to the Turtle Bay Hilton.
Despite their spiritual office, medieval popes were totally involved in secular politics, holding court in costume and pontifical regalia which expressed their great power.
The question of ‘opting out’ has been controversial, and doubts have been expressed about the methods proposed for establishing the will of the parents.
In Scotland, where parent power in schools is further ahead than in England and Wales, and where parents will have the right to select headteachers or dismiss members of the teaching staff, as well as influencing the general policy of the school, many parents expressed their doubts about adopting such a role when the new school year started in 1987.
A human being needs to be able to make himself understood not only when he is shopping or buying a railway ticket, but also when he is expressing his feelings, explaining a principle (of morals or mechanics), or when he is arguing about politics.
Talking to the Parliamentary Scientific Committee about his new schools in 1987, the Secretary of State expressed himself unworried by the general shortage of teachers in mathematics and the sciences.
After various other criteria, we come at last to the manner in which this knowledge and understanding must be expressed.
Even though the universities, through the Committee of Vice-Chancellors and Principals, early expressed themselves willing to consider radical changes in their own admissions procedures and demands, A levels have been regarded by Government as sacred.
However, he appreciated the cathartic nature of expressing himself through the written word.
New Musical Express said it was, ‘Cheap and nasty; a beautiful noise.’
‘Nobody's Twisting Your Arm’, ‘I'm Not Always So Stupid’, ‘Don't Laugh’ and ‘Nothing Comes Easy’all expressed negative sentiments in their titles but Gedge did not realise this until it was pointed out.
He expressed his feelings so many times in the same way that when he could not see me I would find myself mouthing the words with him: ‘The thing that worries me is bandits and deep sand.’
Perhaps if I had allowed myself to be doubtful, I might have understood Mick's concern about the rules, and his inability to express it without aggressive confrontation.
His bus turned into an Inter-City express without brakes and he sat on top and screamed blue murder.
Midnight Express,’ Hoomey said.
And I wouldn't like to be present when you express your views, if ever you do.’
And that's another one, you know: she would die of shame if she knew that you were even looking at a Felton, never mind expressing affection for one.
‘I hope so,’ said Agnes, without expressing the large doubt in her mind, knowing the kind of family from which young Bobbie Wilmore came.
Perhaps the most immediate energy problem for China is its electricity supply industry and fears have been expressed that, in the short term, supplies may not be sufficient to sustain economic growth, even at a minimum level of 4 per cent per year.
This means that German coal producers can expect DM 550 million as coking coal aid and DM 184 million as investment help in 1984 but the government has expressed a disinclination to subsidise exports, which it plans to phase out.
Conversion efficiency as a percentage is therefore usually expressed as: or the proportion of the useful energy produced to the energy content of the fuel that produced it.
In France the government is backing a FFr 1.4 billion five year investment programme into photovoltaic technology and the view has been expressed that photovoltaics could become a $10 billion a year industry worldwide by the end of the century.
And I affirm that the time has come to express this truth in the life of the Church, and that is not going to go away.
This is the view — not always openly expressed, but there in the background — that has produced a deeply established sense of women as both inferior and dangerous.
I affirm that the time has come to express this truth in the life of the Church.
A fear is also sometimes expressed that if women priests are allowed this will open the door to ‘liberal’ theology in other areas.
The chair should encourage people to put forward their own views or to argue against views that others have actually expressed, rather than against hypothetical stereotypes (e.g. ‘these feminists say…‘).
It is a search for wholeness in life which expresses, reflects and is grounded in the wholeness of the Triune God and a transformation of our Christian system.
‘Andrea and myself, as a working-class woman and a Black woman, come from those groups, and feel we should have the chance to express our ideas as much as anyone else.’
White people's concerns about Black immigration were constantly expressed in terms of numbers, and fears of being overrun and contaminated by Black colonial subjects with their alleged hypersexuality, hyperfertility and aberrant familial structures.
Such anxieties were frequently expressed in contemporary newspapers and journals.
Pressure groups, political organisations and other extra-Parliamentary activists vociferously expressed enough anxiety over the potential demographic transformation of British cities and the destruction of British culture to make it an issue within Parliament: the political argument culminated in the Commonwealth Immigrants Bill becoming an Act of Parliament in 1962.
This violence is specifically directed towards Black males: the youths who express sexual jealousy of Black men in Flame in the Streets do not have their own sexual relationships with women.
The ideas and attitudes expressed by the social problem film…do not derive simply from the focus of their subject matter but also from their deployment of certain types of conventions (in accordance with what an audience ‘accustomed to the cinema’ expects) which, then, inevitably structure and constrain the way in which that subject matter is presented in the first place.
She would occasionally reward Thatcherite newspapers, such as the Express , with a gracious, unrevealing interview; on television, Sir Robin Day and Brian Walden would flatter her by pretending to be tough, and she would flatter them by pretending they were.
One day Judge Raymond Dean was reminding us of the perils of ignoring men's bestialnature-—‘Men can't turn their emotions on and off like a tap as some women can’; the next, Prince Edward was vehemently denying his alleged homosexuality by expressing outrage that such an insult should be levelled at him; meanwhile, on TV the Audi driver screeched to a halt at the hospital where — with toddler in arms — he managed narrowly to miss his second child's birth, and Good Housekeeping boasted a curious advert showing New Man (Audi safely in the garage?) in boxer shorts, cradling new baby, sitting on a German washing machine.
The child's identification with the father is the primary act of ‘giving face’, or prosopopoeia, in which the child at once understands and performs the mother's materiality as sign, a process which can be expressed in de Man's formula that questions the notions of agency in language: ‘killing the mother by finding her already dead’(p. 133).
At the express wish of Queen Mary herself, Florence, like thousands of women throughout the Empire, was knitting socks for soldiers at the front.
For convenience of comparison, the original data in current dinars have been expressed as percentages of adjusted social product in the corresponding year.
When the increases in the money supply are expressed as percentages of adjusted social product, it can be seen that between 1977 and 1985 the government normally took about 6–7 per cent of the social product for extra-budgetary purposes (1983 was the major exception).
If, however, both loans and deposits are indexed, or are expressed in a foreign currency, the banks are equally protected.
During the period 1974–81, the Yugoslav banks borrowed, or gave guarantees for, a very large foreign debt, mainly expressed in dollars.
Special difficulties of interpretation arise in the analysis of trends in trade expressed in dinar values, and hence in the relations between current dinar values of exports, imports, and social product.
It may be for this reason that Yugoslav official statistics of trade are  frequently expressed in terms of dollars or, strictly speaking, in ‘statistical’ dollars.
For this purpose, the values of imports and exports have been expressed as percentages of total payments for imports and net interest.
This statement referred to a letter sent by the Yugoslav Party Central Committee to the Kosovo Party in  March 1944 expressing some reservations about the decisions of the Bujan conference.
He expressed himself in favour of ideological purity, strictly in accordance with Marx, Engels, and Lenin, and for purging members who deviate.
He insisted on a greater commitment to Marxist education, and he expressed the belief that the Serbian revival was spreading to other parts of Yugoslavia.
In much the same way the possible causes for behaviour either in terms of triggers, or in terms of payoffs must be expressed as precise statements.
Finally, reward those who have read the papers by giving them the most  opportunities to talk about the material and to express their views.
Encourage them to express these feelings by suggesting that they state what exactly is worrying them.
While you do this you may have little spare capacity for monitoring the feelings of people in the meeting and spotting members who are silently expressing messages such as dissent, apathy, boredom, anger, confusion and so on.
They can merely be well expressed thanks, comments in newsletters, public congratulations, even sometimes a small but symbolic gift.
And the medical profession is now beginning to accept that those who constantly suppress their anger are more likely to develop cancer than those who are able to express it.
And if he willingly takes on his share of household and parental duties, he may still have to contend with the scorn expressed by some old-fashioned ‘macho’ types who would not dream of being seen to do what they continue to think of as ‘women's work’.
In putting forward his nomination as a Director of the Company, Mr Falconer and the requisitioners have expressed the view that ‘the balance of the Board would be improved by the addition of a small-shareholder’.
AMERICAN EXPRESS EUROPE LIMITED
That's why the American Express Card is not free.
Personal Reserve, which lets you borrow up to £7,500, and the Optima SM Card — the new credit card from American Express.
You see, few people realise the unique value of American Express Cardmembership.
Whether you're in Manchester or Milan, no-one acts faster than American Express.
Clearly, the American Express Card is something you shouldn't be without.
In the second column, the number is expressed as a percentage of the total population of the country.
Roget's Thesaurus , a classic English text which seeks to arrange words ‘according to the ideas which they express’, describes old age by such nouns as ‘senility, grey hairs, climacteric, declining years, decrepitude, hoary age, caducity, superannuation, second childhood, dotage, decline of life’ and, even more graphically, by the adjectives ‘senile, run to seed, declining, waning, past one's prime, grey, hoary, venerable, time-worn, antiquated, doddering, decrepit, superannuated, stricken in years, wrinkled, having one foot in the grave.’
Very few people share the view expressed in Time magazine that ‘Ageing has become very stylish.
Such concern was expressed alongside an expectation of deteriorating health.
The view expressed by health economists such as Alan Maynard is still one which is rarely articulated quite so starkly: ‘We have to demonstrate much more clearly that the spending  involved in care for elderly people is spending which is efficient.
One American commentator has expressed the following view: ‘the skewing effect of an ageing society is that the economic imbalances caused by the provision of health care for the elderly potentially threaten the welfare of younger generations and of society as a whole…the stage is set for a profound confrontation.’
Nor can this trend be understood simply on the basis of the preferences expressed by older workers.
It is extraordinary how little concern has been expressed about the effect of this attitude on the voluntary and civic sector.
Some months later, they relented, thought twice, listened to some extra argument about how every jury is skewed in that two or three of its number are not over 65, and, as such, does not express itself as a cross-section of the populace.
Over 30 years ago J H Sheldon, whose 'Social Medicine of Old Age' is still one of the most farsighted and compassionate reviews of the circumstances of older people, described old age as ‘a quality of mind and body whose time or onset varies from individual to individual, rather than a mere quantity expressed by the term of duration applicable to all.’
Much dissatisfaction was expressed to the House of Lords Select Committee about the open-ended nature of the HLCA system in the UK but it is very clearly available to MAFF to fix limits on payments and to more properly define levels of payment linked to the severity of natural handicap.
A broadening of AHDS eligibility is now proposed in the EEC's agricultural structures review but much concern has been expressed that small farms could then be intensified, exacerbating the current conflict.
The conflict between agriculture and nature conservation in the uplands of the UK has expressed itself as considerable losses of moorland and of rough grasslands which have been converted to grass leys; as broadleaved woodland threatened with long-term extinction because of livestock grazing; as species-rich, traditionally managed pastures and meadows converted to temporary grasslands; as the drainage of wetlands, and as a decline in traditional man-made features including hedgerows and stone walls.
Sister Linda Buckland, who has been at the General for the past ten years, expressed mixed emotions.
Concern was expressed over the failure of Cala Homes to make up the roads to serve their new houses.
CONCERN as to whether the parish council were seen to be fully behind the scheme to build a replacement sports pavilion at Four Marks recreation ground were expressed at the council's meeting on Tuesday last week.
Councillors also expressed their support for proposed improvements to the tennis club facilities.
Concern was also expressed about smoke from the barbecue interfering with other sporting fixtures, and it was agreed that plans for the proposed verandah should be viewed by the parish council before going to the district.
Sir,— I am the General Secretary of The Bankruptcy Association of Great Britain and Ireland and I am writing to express my continuing concern over the catastrophic numbers of people going bankrupt in business — many of them businesses of long standing.
Sir,— I am responding to the views expressed by Clare Lothian from the British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection.
Sir,— In a letter defending experiments on animals, Dr. Botting requested evidence to show the growing distrust of animal research expressed by the medical profession.
Breakthrough are a new charity set up after the death of Daily Express woman's editor Jean Rook to provide funds for research into breast cancer in women.
As no car parking exists at present, councillors expressed surprise over the stipulation as the new building would simply be a replacement.
Thus, in their interactions with nature and with individual animals, traditional hunters face a difficult dilemma; a dilemma which is best expressed in their own words; for example, in the following statement by an Iglulik Eskimo:
Although not explicit in Malinowski's theory, it is apparent that hunter-gatherer belief systems also express a strong feeling of anxiety or guilt about killing and exploiting non-human-animals, hence the notion that punishment can only be avoided by behaving in a respectful way towards individual animals and nature in general.
The hunter is thus motivated primarily by self-interest and pragmatism — the fear of possible retribution — even if he expresses these motives in religious and moral terms.
They expressed their surprise since they, like the doctors who treated them, associated obvious injury with obvious pain.
‘He gave me much time and attention but did not allow me to waste a minute; he left me fully free to express my feelings and thoughts but did not hesitate to present his own; he offered me space to deliberate about choices and to make decisions but did not withhold his opinion that some choices and decisions were better than others; he let me find my own way but did not hide the map that showed the right direction.
Express your gratitude to God.
She speaks of it as a tremendously rich and enlarging experience, ‘Friendship expressed at its very best, I think’.
Psychics can often see the auras of women more clearly, possibly because women tend to express their emotions more easily than the average man.
Biographies and political memoirs — to which a lot of space is granted — are often used as a device for the reviewer to express his own prejudices.
This could be achieved by totalling the loan counts for each interest category and then expressing each count as a percentage of the total.
The shelf stock for each interest category is calculated by expressing its loan component percentage as a percentage of the total open shelf capacity of the library.
Crudely expressed, the librarian's aim must be to acquire for stock the materials which are likely to be most frequently used.
Lord Denning expressed the view that, in any event, in ascertaining where the base was, the contract terms were often of little help and ‘you have to go by the conduct of the parties and the way they have been operating the contract’.
There ought to be scope for feedback, a chance for you to express whatever thoughts or concerns you may have at the time.
The passenger-carrying airline pilot, the scientist operating the nuclear reactor, the chemist in charge of research into the possible effects of, for example, Thalidomide, the driver of the Manchester to London express, the driver of an articulated lorry full of sulphuric acid, are all in a position in which one failure to maintain the proper standard of professional skill can bring about a major disaster.
He might justifiably refuse to guarantee a full return to health in the near future yet still be prepared, if asked, to express a reasonable degree of confidence about your recovery prospects which should be enough to satisfy many employers.
If you are subject to an express or implied mobility clause, which covers the move to a new base, the mere closure  of the office or factory where you work at present will not in itself give rise to redundancy.
This is worth remembering if your employer tries to justify giving you a raw deal by interpreting a stringent contract of employment harshly, eg by insisting you move your place of work at short notice and without financial help from Leeds to Birmingham, as in one case — even where this is within the terms of an express contractual mobility clause.
If this is not permitted by an express ‘garden leave’ clause — see Chapter 5 — can you argue that you have been denied ‘the right to work’?
Those avenues are likely to be closed if, in law, there has been no express or constructive dismissal.
The Employment Appeal Tribunal has expressed the view that any other approach would tend to defeat the system's objectives of speed, informality and accessibility.
One possibility is to ignore the part of the award of damages which exceeds the amount exempt from tax under the ‘golden handshake’ rules, for instance by expressing the exempt amount (currently £30,000) as an annual income over the unexpired period of the contract, estimating what the tax would be on that imaginary income and deducting that tax from the total compensation.
gifts expressing personal regard for the employee's qualities, in the case of a parting or by mutual consent; or
Cocker's scepticism was not typical of the sentiments expressed on that day: Ald. McNaughtan, the Tramway Committee Chairman, in laying the first rail said that Blackpool's delay in constructing a tramway was fortuitous, otherwise they would have had horses or steam,‘instead of nature's more wonderful, immense and mysterious agency — electricity’.
Stewarts and Lloyds, the chief promoters of Corby's growth, imported contingents of Scottish workers, and young men looking for secure jobs came with their wives on the train from Glasgow that came to be called the ‘honeymoon express’.
A lady traveller on the Exeter express told John Ruskin that she was in the carriage from which Turner put his head out in a rainstorm to record the scene mentally, and she saw the picture at the Royal Academy the next year, in 1844.
That was all he could say for quite a time; but when he had recovered his confidence he said a lot more, all of it expressing gratitude to Sheila for her quick thinking and great pluck and shame for his own and Chuck's roughness with her earlier.
‘Before the end of July the Prime Minister was sufficiently restored to take an intelligent interest in affairs of state and express his own decisive view.
For the replay in December, Coventry travelled by express train during the morning — and were beaten 4–1.
In September 1912 the Leeds and District FA expressed concern at the takeover of practice pitches by Rugby Union clubs, and urged senior soccer clubs to provide grounds for junior players.
With Chapman presiding, every player was encouraged to express his own opinion.
The FA, which usually refrained from comment on its Cup finals, was led to express its ‘great regret’ at the behaviour during the game, and hoped that ‘there will not be any similar conduct in any future Final tie’.
Believe me, it is far harder at such times to sit and look on than to be in the middle,’ he told Sunday Express readers.
In the Sunday Express he said that goal judges ‘must come’ to give more help to referees in avoiding errors of judgement.
The repeated frustration of his attempts to introduce changes led to an impassioned plea in the Sunday Express for more freedom of action at club level: ‘I appeal to the authorities to release the brake which they seem to delight in jamming on new ideas…as if wisdom is only to be found in the council chamber…
‘We were wrong to laugh at the idea of Europeans mastering football,’ said Chapman in the Sunday Express after the game.
His own rise to fame at club level had demonstrated the superiority of management by one man over management by a group, but the England team was still selected by a dozen officials ‘expressing their views as to the merits of players without proper regard to blend and balance’.
His prestige received a further boost in the late 1920s when the Sunday Express invited ‘the famous manager of the Arsenal Football Club’ to contribute a weekly column, a degree of journalistic attention unprecedented for a football manager.
I saw it,’ and Chapman backed his players' view: ‘I could not see clearly from my position, but Arsenal, almost to a man, stopped playing and I do not think they would have done that unless they had been satisfied that the ball had been out of play,’he told the Sunday Express.
In view of the circumstances of his team's downfall, perhaps the most ironic touch about the final was that Chapman had said in the Sunday Express a week before the game: ‘I know nothing of the art of clairvoyance, but I should feel happier if someone would foretell me the vital incident which is almost sure to decide the match.
He put on a brave face to Sunday Express readers: ‘I hope it will be believed that the Arsenal can take a licking as well as any other club.
The Society is not responsible for individual opinions expressed in articles and reviews or in reports of any kind.
Editorials do not necessarily express the views of the council.
Armstrong also expressed his worry over the inconsistency between benzene-diazo-chloride and benzene-azo-benzene, both with two nitrogen atoms.
‘The First Amendment guarantees that every citizen, organisation and news agency has the right to express an opinion about science, even if it is untenable or inane’.
A good application form can be helpful but what has to be considered is whether it stops the candidate from expressing him/herself.
The system seems to work well with staple foods and major components of meals, but problems could arise with some of the portion sizes — for example, calculations for cheese are mostly expressed by single 40 g slice and for nuts anything from 9 halves to 32 kernels.
It should be available in libraries and as widely as possible, because the principles expressed are significant well beyond the field of boron chemistry.
The respondents subsequently expressed considerable surprise at the sort of problem with which the bureau can assist.
Statistically this is often expressed as an increase in casework or in the number of ‘repeat’ clients whose problem entails a second or third visit to the bureau to bring it to a satisfactory conclusion.
Experience shows that clients may not immediately express the real reason for their visit but need to be given a chance to raise further problems.
Concern was expressed at what the effect would be when attaching a means-tested service to a free one.
This may be known to some as ‘appraisal’ or ‘evaluation’but such titles are inappropriate if the process is meant to enable advisers to express freely whatever is on their mind, as the idea that advisers are in some way being assessed during the meeting could inhibit them from airing problems.
But the feeling was expressed that recruits who prove unsuitable should not be retained.
More volunteers might make way for evening opening, Saturday morning opening, outreach work or specialist work, but some of the West Midlands workers expressed a fear of working unsupervised.
On the other hand, some expressed the very destructive attitude (discussed earlier in the chapter) that expectations should not be too great, as they were after all ‘only volunteers’.
Some managers began to express concern at the difficult position advisers would be in when working with the new social fund.
The questions on it are open-ended and allow space for recruits from all backgrounds to express their interest in and suitability for CAB advice work.
Communication skills will be assessed, in particular the recruit's ability to express complex information; the panel will attempt to assess the recruit's numerical ability, whether in previous work experience, paper qualifications or in home budgeting.
Experience shows that many clients have difficulties in expressing their problems and may be anxious.
In important respects, however, his longing was a self-deception, a poetically fruitful means of expressing that sense of loneliness and isolation which had been as much a part of him in Ottery as in London.
But that sudden reminder of ‘thoughts full of bitterness’ and images too dearly loved’, as he expressed himself theatrically to Southey, subdued his high spirits only briefly.
During his Welsh expedition, Coleridge had occasionally lapsed with self mocking enthusiasm into the prose style of the travel writers to express his feelings for mountains ‘sublimely terrible’ and other natural marvels.
He addressed Coleridge, with more enthusiasm than skill, in a poem which begins ‘Hail to thee Coleridge, youth of various powers!’, and which expresses in its stilted, conventional way, something of the electrifying effect produced by Coleridge's passionate eloquence on any sympathetic listener.
When, in November, Coleridge was persuaded by his Bristol friends that he should return permanently to the city, he expressed sadness at leaving Clevedon, but probably felt relatively little, even though the only home available to him and Sara was in cramped quarters in Mrs Fricker's house.
Poole's letter to Coleridge of about 10 December has not survived, but it was the cause of ‘unexpected and most acute pain’ and expressed Poole's doubts that the Lime Street cottage could ever be a suitable home.
One minor incident, soon after the Wordsworths arrived, seemed by accident to express the complex emotions which underlay those high-spirited weeks in the summer of 1797.
But on 5 January, ‘after much & very painful hesitation’, he sent the money back, expressing at the same time ‘no ordinary feelings of esteem and affection’ for his benefactors.
‘His faculties seem to expand every day,’ Dorothy wrote in early March; ‘he composes with much more facility than he did, as to the mechanism of poetry, and  his ideas flow faster than he can express them.
Express malice may defeat a plea of qualified privilege, and in this sense malice means, first, personal spite in the contents of the statement or, secondly, personal spite in the mode or extent of the publication.
‘I never used to read poetry at all but I've just found out that it says all the things I've often felt but never been able to express.
I wanted to express the anger inside me.
‘three-quarters of the supporters expressed distress about helping.
On a few occasions other service-providers sought to refer clients directly to the project; and very occasionally expressed the wish that the development officers could have acted more quickly with a client whose situation they felt needed immediate action.
It was in very complex care situations that she particularly expressed feelings of over-involvement.
The development officers expressed few difficulties in supervising and managing their support workers (apart from the particular problems with clients already discussed).
In Ipswich in particular— as stated earlier in this chapter — the development officer expressed a certain amount of frustration over institutionalised clients.
This chapter will therefore examine also whether the action project had any effect upon cognitive impairment (Did it help to delay deterioration, or even improve, mental state?); whether dementia sufferers in the action project expressed less worry, sadness, loneliness than those in the control samples; whether the project helped people to maintain their capacity to cope with certain tasks or activities of daily living; and finally whether it succeeded in obtaining more of other community services for its clients than were obtained by those in the control sample (eg more home help, meals-on-wheels, day care, home nursing, and so on).
Table 4.6 shows that worry and sadness were expressed by nearly half our samples of dementia sufferers at both time periods; loneliness was less often admitted, though one in five to a quarter of the samples did admit it; while saying that they were not very or not at all happy was the least common sentiment, this being expressed by approximately only one in six of the samples.
And those who said they did not find it a strain expressed themselves for example as follows:
Those who had preferred that solution were uniformly content with it; though they sometimes expressed feelings of guilt or voiced complaints about the particular institution.
For example, at first interview Mrs Kitchener's daughter expressed a great deal of antagonism to her mother, talked at great length about the difficulties she experienced in caring for her mother and said that she had often told her mother — and other people — that she ought to be in a Home.
The daughter's second interview unfortunately did not take place until shortly after her mother had been admitted to long-stay care but it illustrates well the mixture of feelings which can be expressed.
As with the action sample those carers who continued to express a clear preference for home care talked in terms of it being no bother to continue caring, or even if it was ‘a bother’, home was the best place for the dementia sufferer, and he or she and the carer were ‘coping’.
For those whose dementia sufferer was still at home one year later, expressed feelings of strain can be compared with their earlier statements (see Table 5.7).
One year later she and her husband were expressing their thanks to the Home Support Project for helping them to go on looking after Mrs Cummings at home, and said that although it was still a strain it was ‘nowhere near as hard as it has been, now that we've got other people to help us’.
So although those carers in the action sample were grateful for the help they received from the Home Support Project (and almost without exception carers throughout the action samples expressed the same sentiment), there is scant evidence that it contributed to allaying feelings of strain.
The aggregates formed were fixed with formol and the results expressed as the percentage of platelets aggregated compared to a reference platelet count performed before the agitation.
cf. American Notes , 17: ‘hear the public opinion of the free South, as expressed by its own members in the House of Representatives at Washington…
Her memorable quarrel with Mrs Gamp takes place after she has expressed disbelief in the existence of Mrs Gamp's elusive crony Mrs Harris.
CD deliberately created this character as an atonement for Fagin after a Jewish lady had expressed to him her regret that the earlier character had helped to feed anti-Jewish prejudices.
When Elizabeth I visited Rochester in 1573 she was entertained by Watts, and when he expressed regret that he had not better accommodation to offer her she replied, ‘Satis ’(Lat. ‘enough, satisfactory’), by which name the house was ever afterwards known.
Try comparing your own experiences as a child with your attitudes towards bringing up children as you express them today.
For example, until a few generations ago, children were not given the freedom to express themselves and their individuality.
Children (and teenagers) are, by definition, immature; they need and welcome the security of a ‘sure touch’ on the part of their mothers and fathers — a sense of authority fairly and kindly expressed.
Children's communications are often expressed indirectly in a sort of ‘code’.
In expressing as much bad temper as he does, you are offering a bad example for him to imitate.
I mentioned earlier the finding that (from as early as the second year of life) boys are, on average, more aggressive than girls; and there are also differences in the way in which the sexes express their hostility.
Boys, by and large, express their aggression in physical assault.
In a variation of this theme, some parents argue that it is ‘therapeutic’ for their child to express aggression towards them because they are bound to frustrate the child at times.
You should also have the right and freedom to express your own feelings  in a frank manner, without feeling guilty.
Express your own feelings in an unprovocative manner.
Televised violence, however, not only teaches new and unique ways of expressing aggression but also has what is called a disinhibitory effect on aggression in general.
Five days later Ira Dilworth called me to his office where, in his kindly fashion, he expressed surprise that he had heard from the RCAF of my application before I had discussed it with him.
To teach herself to handle thought, she made it a practise never to permit herself to touch a brush until she could answer these questions, in writing, in the fewest possible words: ‘What attracted me to this subject?’ 'Why do I want to paint it?’'What is the thing I am trying to express?’
Like Ira Dilworth I have sometimes used the words of a poet to express a specific sentiment and I would therefore like to quote Ira in his Foreword to Emily's autobiography ‘Growing Pains’:
(In contrast, the Coloured population of Cape Province regard Afrikaans as their language and have used it to express their radical sentiments.)
In June 1945 the Circuit Stewards expressed a hope that Edenderry might soon become financially self-supporting.
On 6 March 1961 the Leaders expressed their appreciation of the work being done by Mr Gerald Neilands in providing transport for elderly members of the congregation.
Further discussion about AIDS and how it affects the individual is included in Chapter 15 dealing with the AL of expressing sexuality.
The specific problem of sexual abuse in children and rape in women will be mentioned in more detail under the AL of expressing sexuality.
Some patients, perhaps especially those who express anxiety about the risk of fire or who are known to have experienced a fire, may welcome being told about the fire precautions in the ward.
Some words such as‘older’ and ‘younger’, express relativity; to make them meaningful, further information is needed such as ‘older than x’.
Humans use their bodies to express themselves in for instance the way they walk.
Feet, too, are used in communicating, for example toe-tapping may express a degree of anxiety, or enjoyment of the rhythm of music.
They express current mood, state of finance, preparation to take part in sport, or to go to work.
Whether an end in itself, or a means to an end, communicating in some form or other permeates every aspect of living — maintaining a safe environment, eating and drinking, dressing, working and playing, expressing sexuality and so on.
There are also differences related to patterns of physical contact as a means of communicating between males, between females, and between males/females; and these are mentioned in Chapter 15 when expressing sexuality is discussed.
Anger is usually expressed by raising the voice.
They should be encouraged to express any particular anxieties and queries until the nurse assesses from verbal and nonverbal interaction that they have a reasonable grasp of the staffing pattern as it applies to them and know from whom they can seek any further help.
Some patients experience difficulty when talking with nurses about activities such as eliminating and expressing sexuality.
One user expressed concern over using services; he expressed this as ‘technofear’.
Finally, two companies, although they take several online services, expressed doubt about the usefulness of them because of all the difficulties and limitations listed above.
The interviewees expressed a fundamental unease about their knowledge of the availability of services.
Several planners expressed the need for independent advice in this area.
Three of the five corporate planning departments that use online services expressed a desire to make these services freely available throughout the company.
The views expressed about the usefulness of libraries differed radically between the companies.
Some readers will have come across the idea of expressing a simple relationship between an explanatory variable X and a response variable Y as Y = a + bX .
If the idea is familiar to you, you may like to note here that proportions can also be expressed in this way.
In figure 8.1, we could have expressed the differentials between service and working class as a ratio rather than a difference; service class children had 0.719/0.237 or 3.03 times the chance of attending a selective school of some kind than working class children did.
Some people find it much more appealing to express probabilities in this multiplicative way.
Figure 8.4 Expressing probabilities as odds
The second column of figure 8.4 shows that the upper ceiling has been removed once the proportions are expressed as odds; odds can become infinitely large.
Essentially, these express the number of deaths occurring as a proportion of the number of people at risk in each region in such a way that they take into account the fact that regions have different age and sex distributions; their construction will be explained fully in chapter 14.
Straight lines are easy to visualize geometrically, but they can also be expressed algebraically.
For this purpose, it is often expressed per head of population, which also brings problems of estimation.
In order to compare the GNP of different nations, the income has to be expressed in a common currency unit.
The aim is to express numbers on a scale of measurement which makes data analysis easier, often by allowing simple models to be fitted, and thus enhancing our ability to understand the data.
A balance has to be struck, since too much control of the research setting can lead to situations that lack naturalism and to indicators that lack validity; for example, the results to structured questions on a topic may not reflect the views respondents would express in any other situation.
Most advocates of biological theories do not express themselves in the same bizarre language and style as Lombroso, and such theories of crime are not merely historical relics that died with Lombroso.
Criminal law is assumed to express and reflect the interests of the ruling class.
Although there is no evidence that liberation has led to greater female criminality, such a view is widely held and has been strongly expressed in the popular press.
The high incidence of shoplifting among women, for example, reflects the day-to-day activities in which female criminality is liable to be expressed.
Police officers who expressed a racist ideology are certainly a small minority.
My GP, a vegetarian who has put a seeking ear in the direction of Krishnamurti, was not unsympathetic, although he did express concern at the very  stringent vegan diet.
Having washed his hands of her, her GP expressed the view that her visit to the Centre was both a waste of money and time.
We visited the kitchen, were lectured to diet, closed our eyes and expressed ourselves to ethnic music and discussed who we were.
Even my wife, enlightened, but energetically gregarious, upon my expressing my desire not to go to a certain gathering would say, ‘Normal people like parties, they want to go.’
By middle age I had discovered that everything I wanted to do, every attitude I announced, every desire I expressed, anything that might give me joy appeared to contradict the wishes of someone else.
Without any  consideration for my talents — such as they were — or my own wishes — never expressed — he had decided my path.
I could never have expressed that wish so long as my father was alive, for I had been trained to think that such sentiments would hurt him .
So deeper and deeper I went into the world of science, wanting all the time to express myself in a totally different field.
I was pleased to be able to announce that I had followed many of their therapies, but fearfully expressed my alarm and disappointment that having religiously performed my visualizations, cancer may have returned by the back door.
I have not known how to express it.
Apart from Pennethorne, P. C. Hardwick, Sydney Smirke, Salvin, Mair and C. R. Cockerell expressed interest, and Sir Charles Barry and John Shaw did some preliminary work.
The Illustrated London News on the same day expressed the popular euphoria that the competition and its organizers attracted when it wrote:
According to the minutes, they ‘expressed a wish to have some practical gentlemen to examine the plans in detail for them.
However, as professionals they were not content to act as mere checkers, but felt that they had an obligation to express an opinion of the work they saw before them, and found they had an extraordinary agreement with the views of Burn, much to the resentment of other judges.
Your memorialists cannot sufficiently strongly express their opinion of the impropriety of persistence in any such line of action.
Hope, who was an honorary member of the Institute, restated the views expressed in the Memorials.
The Report concluded with the comment that the Committee felt it was not prepared to express any opinions about the reconstruction of the War Department.
But by expressing his views in this way, Scott must have given his clients a clear indication of the type of building he wanted to build.
Street declared in The Builder that Parker was expressing his personal views and not writing on behalf of the Oxford Architectural Society, and if Parker's ‘excessively antiquarian view of our own present duties were to be put forward as the real and right ground for us to work upon, I, for one, should have very little hope of the ultimate success of our course’.
I wrote in great haste and under some excitement, from the statements to which I referred,[Palmerston's remarks]and plead this as my excuse if I expressed what I did not really intend.
This gave MPs an opportunity to express their views at some length.
He elaborated the point he first made in the February that Gothic architecture expressed a spirit ‘opposed to liberty and the true interests and prosperity of a Protestant country’.
Hope, temporarily out of Parliament, was still able to express his  opinions through this organ.
Palmerston's proposal that Scott can put any elevation on a given plan only shows his ignorance; ‘ground-plan and elevation, outside and inside, construction and ornament, must express each other’.
Nevertheless, Scott felt again he had not expressed his views adequately and returned to his office and wrote a reply.
If I were he, I'd build Lord P[almerston] an office with all the capitals upside down; and tell him it was the Greek style, inverted, to express typically Government by Party: Up today, down tomorrow.
Concern is also being expressed about the proposed construction of a large dam at the north of the Three Gorges on the Yangtze River.
Moreover, de Groot's fears, expressed in 1983, have been  reiterated by Emory in 1988 who states that in 1986 some 26023 tourists visited the islands and that the problems of environmental protection are being exacerbated by the influx of mainland Ecuadoreans seeking wealth in the tourist trade.
At the same time misgivings have been expressed, mainly in relation to two aspects of the science.
Jnandas a poet of medieval India expressed the joy and aspirations of the humble soul who knows that within him is the divine spark, and he is therefore the All for which the festival is planned.
Thoreau described a similar state that is beyond words to express adequately: ‘There comes into my mind such an indescribable, infinite, all absorbing, divine, heavenly pleasure, a sense of elevation and expansion, and I have had nought to do with it…
It  is then feasible to express the known ward populations as a function of these pixel counts.
Our intention is to express the ward populations as some function of the pixel counts for each land-cover type.
Hence, another key aspect of spatial user interface design is that it must seek both to structure and filter human perception of space and spatial relationships when expressing an operation and passing it to a GIS.
The importance of the cognitive structuring of space is expressed by Mark and Frank (1989), who set out the research agenda for the ‘Spatial Languages’ Research Initiative of the US National Center for Geographic Information and Analysis (NCGIA).
User interfaces are not just pretty screen representations: as their use is extended they will come to express the whole nature of the system data model, and will probably become highly specialized as the interfaces move from function-oriented to task-oriented forms.
The ANUFLOOD system requires locational and building type data on individual properties, stage-damage curves relating the average damage that would result from overfloor flooding to differing depths for each property type, and lastly, flood frequency in terms of flood height expressed as a probability.
Still others express horror about falling moral standards and foul language on television and see it as the agent of moral corruption of the young.
This would be quite acceptable if the discipline of expressing their message in simple terms were followed through.
But rather than be diverted by the red herring of whether or not such a category should exist or by the tricky question of how love should be expressed outwith marriage, let us not look for the borderline.
It challenges us to express our dreams in buildings which will stand the test of time, for they are the gravestones of our generation.
Is not the mugger a person who knows only the language of violence through which to express his desperation?
(It is paradoxically liberals who provide me with my argument for this when they argue that violent people can be ‘understood’ since they know no other language with which to express their inarticulate aggro.
It is only an extension of care for the individual in this life to continue to express concern after death.
These notices are sometimes the only way the agnostic or the non-church member can find of expressing their grief.
The deep-rooted need to express grief is part of all religions and perhaps the Protestant churches should see these notices as a cry for help.
To date applications for development in the Green Belt and open countryside have been resisted, but the government has expressed agreement with the new village concept as an alternative to sporadic countryside development.
Driven to the edge of despair and traumatised by the prospect of a court-case that deeply injured his pride, he threw himself in front of an express train bound for Edinburgh.
‘This was slaughter in the spring sunshine,’ wrote the Sunday Express ; next to the report were nine horrific photographs, each one showing the tragic Frank Haffey in poses of utter desperation as he dived, slid and fumbled his way through the afternoon.
He alleged that a West Ham player assaulted him, in front of his wife, telling the Daily Express, ‘What happened totally ruined it, punches were thrown.’
Any other professional footballer caught in Fleck's situation would have reached into his pocket and proudly announced that smug one-liner, ‘American Express.
Up until now there has been no uniformity of presentation of nutrition information; a manufacturer has been free to give what information he wants in the way he chooses to express it.
I cannot express to you the charm that hangs about a mountain like Ben Each as the mists swathe its rocky sides; they rise, they fall, they whirl, they soar as on wings of light, they cast shadows, they give grand mystery, and anon reveal some hidden dell, some great bare precipice, or perhaps display a glowing patch of verdure.
In 1896 the ‘Ratepayers and Inhabitants in Parish Meeting assembled [resolved to]hereby accord the Rev R. Burdon their grateful thanks for the very great interest he continues to show in the   Parish…and hereby express their ernest (sic)and unanimous wish that his health might very speedily be restored and his life be prolonged for many years.’
At some point or other the student of local history will encounter dates expressed in a variety of different ways with which he will have to become familiar.
Most local historians are familiar with the term ‘regnal year’ and are used to seeing dates in printed texts and commentaries expressed in forms such as 11 Edward III, or 63 Victoria, meaning a time between 25 January 1337 and 24 January 1338, or between 20 June 1899 and 19 June 1900 respectively.
From the beginning of the reign of King Richard I in 1189 the method was revived and, from that time onwards, has been the accepted way of expressing the year date in civil government and other documents; the form being, for example, that names of signatories are subscribed or the seal affixed ‘this first day of July in the Thirtyseventh year of the Reign of Our Sovereign Lady Elizabeth the Second…and in the year of Our Lord One thousand and nine hundred and eighty eight.’
The local historian unfamiliar with Roman practice may, therefore, have slight initial difficulty on finding, for example, Lady Day (25 March) expressed as VIII Kal April; or that although III Non June is indeed 3 June , IV Non June is 2 June , or equally that whilst XVI Kal July is 16 June XVI Kal August is 17 July .
Physical symptoms that are Generals (symptoms that can be expressed ‘I am…) are worth 2 points.
Be prepared to express your preference to your attendants.
This was a rejection of Arnold's view that the change from ‘childhood to manhood…ought to be hastened’ in favour of that expressed by Warden Sewell of Radley College: ‘How I dread mannikizing a boy…
The clubs were interested in what was termed ‘wholesome recreation’ and in keeping boys and girls ‘off the streets’, and they expressed their concern through a social rather than a religious ethos, placing far less emphasis on Church and Bible, preferring instead to emphasize the ‘making of men’(albeit Christian men).
In 1883 Canon Barnett, Warden of Toynbee Hall, the first settlement house, expressed the movement's philosophy:
The early mood of the schools' social commitment was best expressed by Montague Butler, headmaster of Harrow, when, holding a copy of the revelatory The Bitter Cry of Outcast London in his hand while delivering a sermon in Oxford, he called out:
Maude Stanley was only expressing a truism, as far as respectable society was concerned, when she advised that in starting a club ‘discipline and order are the first requisites’.
Although widely admired, the ASEA was by no means without its critics, and considerable doubt was expressed as to whether it offered a practical answer to the problem of boy labour.
This was Beveridge expressing the ‘expert’ view that working-class parents and school-leavers were ignorant about the range of job opportunities.
Sadler was expressing the widely-shared belief among reformers that, given the prevalence of machinery, the labour demand of the present, and even more so of the future, was for ‘skilled and versatile minds ’.
Sidney Webb and Beveridge were equally careful in expressing their views.
This feeling was unambiguously expressed by J. H. Muirhead, a Professor of Idealist Philosophy and secretary of the Ethical Society, who, while acknowledging the long history of ‘class differences’, nevertheless warned that ‘Class conflicts waged in the name of fundamentally different and irreconcilable social and ethical standards are a new thing.’
Jones is expressing three central and fundamentally related features of Idealist ethics: the idea of service; the acceptance of one's position in society and a willingness to perform allotted tasks to the best of one's ability; and the belief that morality cannot be imposed by external forces, but that it must come from within the individual personality.
Net inward commuting into the inner cities expressed as a percentage of total employment almost doubled between 1951 and 1981, from 21 per cent to 39 per cent(Begg, Moore and Rhodes, 1986).
Some local authorities expressed a concern about the potential implications of removing planning controls from shopping, on the grounds that the financial incentives (discussed below) would attract into the zones large retail organizations, thus undermining existing shopping patterns.
The worries expressed by many in the cities and elsewhere about the possible return of social and environmental conditions reminiscent of Victorian capitalism have proved groundless.
Money is used as a common denominator in which the value of things can be expressed in the market.
Where a person borrows or enters a contract (agreement) involving some future form of payment, this will invariably be expressed in money terms.
A taciturn man, he had no other way of expressing his hatred and contempt for the man who had brought disgrace to the family and ruin to his beloved Carewscourt.
At breakfast, Walter Carew expressed a wish to see the family solicitors in Castlebar and Durkin readily offered to drive him.
There was an atmosphere everywhere of intense relief, and people expressed it by dancing, singing, bonfires, flags, balloons and general rejoicing.
At the time when Shanti was preoccupied with the subject of identity, she expressed the thought that she hadn't any choice in the matter: we had taken her whether she liked it or not.
A young relative writing to me recently expressed the feeling that she had always found it easier to give than to receive.
That he did not depart of his own free will is abundantly evidenced by the fact that he left behind all his belongings and expressed the intention of being back within the period of four hours.
‘You didn't express any desire to learn German?’
It was impossible she should be unaware of the treat she was thus providing for the soldiery, many of whom expressed their appreciation in appropriately ribald terms.
The music had sounded exactly like all other music he had ever heard, and the intervals between Louise Müller's appearances had been rather tedious, but the display of her charms had provided more than adequate compensation for  the occasional ennui Lefevre had enjoyed it even more, expressing his enthusiasm at the end by shouting, ‘Bravo!’ standing, and clapping his hands above his head.
We can feel anger, even rage, at our position but cannot express our feelings because we fear we will not be accepted; we will be further rejected.
We can still be afraid of expressing our anger, unable to vent our rage.
We must learn to sort it out, to be open and to express ourselves.
At home our relationships are far more strained by not expressing our feelings than by the silent death of suppressing them.
Often a tape is purchased, with the hypnotist's voice making new suggestions such as‘you will be relaxed at the start of your next race’, or ‘when you reach the half-way point in the race, you will find new energy’ or ‘when you go to the next committee meeting, you will not feel dominated by the others, but will feel free to express your views without fear’: the applications of this technique are endless.
My mother, who came from a staunchly ‘church’ family, used to express her antipathy when she often declared, ‘He's nothing but a chapel dodger,’and it's difficult to describe the scorn that she would put into the phrase.
many school aims are expressed in very broad (if laudable) terms, such as‘to value all students equally’ or ‘to encourage students to have lively and enquiring minds’.
Some teaching unions have expressed worries that governors may want to reduce staff costs by cutting down on the number of teachers or allowances, or delaying filling a vacancy, or employing less well qualified staff.
The means by which positive involvement can be expressed can be considerably varied.
The apparently extreme view expressed by Masterman (1987) may perhaps be the public perception of local-authority services as a whole, but equally many people working in schools would also subscribe to this view when discussing the local education authority's administration of the education service.
Any superficial investigation into the role of the education officer will dispel the view expressed by Masterman once some appreciation and understanding is gained of the day-to-day duties that are performed both in terms of strategic planning and institutional management.
In the writing of inspection reports it will be essential to express findings in a positive manner  and in a language and style that address the concerns of the many non-specialists who make up the audience for the reports.
Some have expressed the fear that financial delegation to schools is intended to allow cuts in spending and to weaken further the grip of recalcitrant LEAs.
The Police Union expressed the rank and file's perception of the contradiction between the reality of beat patrol and the expectations of superior officers.
(Evening Express , 1931)
Happily, this time, the late news on the back page contained a report from Dutch Railways in London to the effect that no passengers aboard the Rhine Express had been hurt.
We need not concern ourselves with the views expressed in newspapers which are wholly controlled by the state in totalitarian societies.
It is upon these sorts of documents that historians frequently draw, especially for the writing of very recent history (i.e. within the past hundred years or so) and it is commonplace to find the historian referring to ‘other views’ on a particular matter, as expressed by some political opponent in his memoirs.
Not surprisingly, Ashworth found more published personal accounts written by officers than by ordinary privates and some memoirs were written by poets and writers to express their horror of war.
Wholly admirable, but perhaps not best expressed in terms of individual academic subjects, nor in a highly complex machinery of published testing and assessment.
The nearest attempt to a child's entitlement expressed by adults on their behalf lies in the United Nations Charter.
Indeed the National Curriculum is expressed in terms of subjects — the same list, technology apart, and in the same order as that contained in the secondary regulations of 1904.
Nevertheless to consider the National Curriculum as a list of subjects runs the danger of expressing it in a way which over-emphasises information and a narrow range of skills at the expense of the development of a full range of socially useful skills, attitudes and ideas, which is usually the concern of interested parents and can even be seen in a child's view of the purpose of education.
While expressing relief that what is emerging could be worse, it is not the promised land; it is just about approaching the standard of some of the good practice which preceded it.
Dr. John Whitcomb, professor of Theology and Old Testament at Grace Theological Seminary in Winona Lake, Indiana, summed it up very well when on page 52 of his book ‘The Early Earth’, he wrote, ‘the testimony of an honest evolutionist could be expressed in terms of Hebrews 11:3 as follows, ‘By faith, I, an evolutionist, understand that the worlds were not framed by the word of any god, so that what is seen has indeed been made out of previously existing and less complex visible things, by purely natural processes through billions of years’.’
The prophet Habbakuk expressed this truth very well when under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit he wrote concerning God ‘Thou art of purer eyes than to behold evil and canst not look on iniquity.’
The lovely negro spiritual ‘Balm in Gilead’ expresses it very well when it refers to ‘the sin sick soul.’
As Troop & Zimmern (1989) express it, ‘at the hospital or service end the objective is entirely different.
However, there are dangers in examining their drug spending patterns  in isolation, particularly where the express aim of WFP is ‘to apply downward pressure on drug expenditure’, without assessing the other factors and whether such constraints really do deliver better VFM.
Perhaps even more vociferous concerns have been expressed by nurses and para-medic groups who fear the medical domination of the current structuring of clinical directorates.
A recent paper by Norman, Quinn and Malin (1988) expresses concern as to the degree of involvement of nurses in the resource management process.
These sentiments are expressed on behalf of all the staff here at Nottingham.
This is expressed as concentration of tyrosine, and it occurs by dilution of the gastric juices by the food.
The numbers of the skeletal elements are usually expressed as proportions of the numbers that would be expected to be present for a given number of prey individuals, which is usually the minimum number of individuals (MNI).
This proportion is called the relative abundance, and it can be expressed as follows:
An alternative method, and one that is nearly as good, is to express the distribution of skeletal elements against the total number of bones in the sample.
Fig. 3.1 (left) Skeletal element proportions expressed as proportions of numbers of bones in the sample, comparing four samples of barn owl prey assemblages with two of kestrel.
Fig. 3.2 (below) Skeletal element proportions expressed as proportions of the expected numbers for each element based on the minimum numbers of individuals (MNI).
The number of complete bones is expressed as a percentage of the total number of that bone.
In column 7 of Table 3.5, the numbers of maxillae retaining zygomatic processes are expressed as percentages of the total numbers of maxillae in the bone assemblages.
In Bamford v Turnley , a case concerning odours from brick burning, Pollock, C. B. expressed the above by saying:
In practice reliance is placed on s.33 of the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1982 which provides the local authority with an express power to enforce positive obligations against successors in title.
In 1981 the DoE Advisory Group investigated the use of s.52 agreements, and expressed the view that, with some exceptions, the practice of using them to bargain for planning gain was unacceptable.
‘Reading’ docked and I had another express letter to say the date could be June 6th.
Confront the game by finding some way to express the unexpectedness of the behaviour.
You are happy to react ‘there and then’ even if this means expressing half-baked ideas.
the right to express your opinions, views and ideas
the right to express your feelings when you choose to
The socialization process trains us to ‘have a stiff upper lip’ and not express our feelings in an open, straightforward way.
This is sometimes expressed as one plus one equals three because you count the ‘plus’, which represents the interaction between different people, the ‘ones’.
Don't acknowledge the other person's expressed feelings or point of view.
It is, in fact, solely the all-powerful love of God, expressed through each one of us, that will save people lost in the occult.
Salvation is found by reaching this enlightenment, and enables the editor of The New Humanity to write, ‘It is no longer a question of ‘What do we do to be saved?’ but more a realisation of ‘‘How do we express a richer, more abundant lifestyle as saved individuals?’
Ideas relating the folds and faults expressed in the Mesozoic cover of southern England to the underlying basement structure go back at least as far as Godwin-Austen (1856), but have gradually become more firmly based.
Formation break-down pressure can be expressed as
Termed the ‘fracture toughness modulus’ it is derived from Poisson's Ratio v and Shear Modulus G and expressed as
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT: The authors would like to express their sincere appreciation to the oil companies who kindly provided log examples, core data, core samples and their very valuable advice and to the Schlumberger staff in The Hague and in London for their contribution.
Szekeres (1972) has indicated how to integrate  this equation using Riemann's method, and has given a general solution expressed as a line integral involving a Legendre function of order -½.
(10.10) With this, it may be noted that  (10.11) and t and z can be expressed in terms of f and g by  (10.12) The boundaries of region IV are now the hypersurfaces on which , and the focusing hypersurface in this region occurs when .
(10.14) With this,(10.13) reduces to the pair of Legendre equations  (10.15) and a class of solutions of (10.13) can be expressed as a sum of products  (10.16) where  and  are Legendre functions of the first and second kinds respectively, and a n ,q n ,Pn and b n are series of arbitrary constants.
However, as will be shown in (10.68), some of these terms may also be expressed in terms of products of Legendre functions, and so are already included in (10.16).
It is instructive also to express the metric in Kruskal-Szekeres form.
The general solution of (10.62) can be expressed as a line integral.
It is therefore appropriate to express general solutions in the form  (10.76) This solution will from now on simply be quoted in the second form since either equation formally includes the other.
To obtain solutions describing the collision and interaction of plane waves with aligned linear polarization it is necessary first to solve the main field equation, which may be expressed in terms of different coordinates in any of the forms (9.3),(10.2),(10.13),(10.62) or (10.73).
Finally, it is convenient to express the boundary conditions in terms of the variables t and z .
The parameters f and g are now expressed in terms of the null coordinates u and v in the form  (12.52) where .
Cosgrove (1981) has shown how Bäcklund transformations can be conveniently expressed in this formalism.
For the case when the approaching waves have aligned linear polarization it is possible to put  everywhere, and the main field equation for V may be expressed in terms of different coordinates in any of the forms (9.3),(10.2),(10.11),(10.60) or (10.71).
Equation (14.3) is an Euler-Poisson Darboux equation whose solution may be expressed as a line integral.
The method employed by Hauser and Ernst (1989 a ) is first to find a one-parameter family of basic solutions by means of a suitable separation of variables and then to express the final solution as a linear super-position of these basic solutions.
Throughout the interaction region subsequent to the collision they have obtained a complete set  of bounded normal modes that are expressed in terms of spin-weighted spherical harmonics.
In the approaching waves a rotation of the polarization is expressed by a rotation of the components Φ 2 or Φ in the complex plane.
The 1970 White Paper on the reform of local government in England expressed these concerns simply and clearly:
He considers attempts by county councils to set up ‘industrial liaison groups’ through which firms were able to express their concerns over planning processes and procedures, and planners tried to influence the behaviour of firms.
This is not only expressed through direct welfare, housing and educational provision to families which helps to ensure an adequate supply of suitable labour, but also in the reproduction of wider ideologies of popular consent which make it difficult for the rule to see the possibility of any other form of economic and political organization.
Despite widespread opposition to abolition expressed in opinion polls it is difficult to discern any significant backlash in the 1987 general election — indeed the increase in the Conservative vote in London seems to have been higher than elsewhere.
In the field of equal opportunities, the notion of contract compliance has been borrowed from the USA by some councils: the idea behind this is that a condition of local authority purchase from its suppliers may be expressed in terms of key employment practices, including the recruitment of ethnic minorities and women, and reasonable access for them to promotion within the enterprise.
(This is of course, a local variant of concerns expressed by Johnson (1977) regarding the welfare state as a whole, and discussed in Chapter 2, section 2.2.)
This combination was expressed at the national level by ‘Butskellism’— that bi-partisan approach to government relying on an expanded mixed economy, and underlain by the social-democratic compromise between capital and labour.
At the local level it was expressed by a shared set of values and policies, operating within a welfare state consensus.
And, thirdly, he presented the notion that this increasing state intervention and action at the local urban level inevitably ‘politicizes’ the provision of collective consumption and leads to the development of political activity expressed as ‘urban social movements’.
MINSE was developed from the hypothesis that ideas about information needs can be derived from an agreed systems model that reflects the primary purpose of an  organisation, expressed as the transformation in the root definition of the system.
The reaction at the meeting was rather subdued, but at the subsequent interviews most staff expressed their views freely about the way the EPH operated and the purpose that it served.
Although expressed simply, it is assumed that the necessary liaison takes place between the sub-systems of the model on matters of common interest.
The ideas expressed in the report, and the example structures, were then used to assist the remaining Colleges within the control of the LEA in the development of their own strategies for change.
Rich pictures were used to express the findings from the interviews, then combined to form global pictures showing the situation as a whole.
Having expressed the main factors about the situation in rich picture form, the analysts than considered viewpoints that were relevant, and the systems that might be developed to explore the issues that had been uncovered.
The remainder of the functional description was concerned with elaborating on the ideas expressed by the conceptual model, explaining how they would be implemented in practice.
Chapter 5 refers to the process of exploring a situation and expressing the main factors as a rich picture.
Expressing the Root Definition
As a final point about the root definition, it is sometimes useful to express it as a statement to see if it makes reasonable sense, and to double-check that all the CATWOE factors have been considered.
The components of the model are expressed as verbs.
It is easy to see why credo , ‘I believe’, should be a dubious case: belief does seem to leave something to the discretion of a trustee, and there may well be doubt whether a rather tentative expression of belief sufficiently expresses a testator's intention that a trust should be set up.
They express the giving of the sons as a consequence of the satisfactory tending of the land.
The words ‘I ask you, son, to care for the lands which will come to you with your usual diligence and look after them so that they may come to your sons’, although they do not sufficiently express a trust but advice rather than obligation to leave the lands, are none the less regarded as having the force of a trust in favour of the grandsons after the death of their father.
No doubt Ulpian wrote simply that the words created no trust but merely expressed advice.
More important is that this is the first example of a case in which a trust is set up using indirect words: the words are addressed to the trustee; and they make the testator's intentions plain enough, although they do not express any request for a transfer of property.
It is not to be wondered at if, when a request is made of one person, another is obliged by a trust: for if the following is written in a will ‘I ask you, Titius, having received a hundred to manumit that slave’ or ‘to give something to Sempronius’, certainly it is not adequately expressed, but a trust must all the same be understood to be charged on the heir to pay the money to Titius: and so Titius himself will sue the heir, and will be compelled to give freedom to the slave or to Sempronius what he was asked to.
The concept is not a difficult one, for the last two sections have made it clear that what really mattered in setting up a trust was not the use of specific words, but the use of words or deeds which plainly expressed an intention to bind a trustee under a trust in favour of a beneficiary.
What was needed was that intention to make a legal act should be expressed; this then had to be taken to be charged on the heir as trustee, since in that way the principle of benefit could be satisfied.
If the wording of a trust has been omitted and the other provisions accord with what ought to have been written, by analogy with institution as heir and with legacies a trust will be understood to be duly given and insufficiently expressed in writing.
Here, then, the doubts about precatory words are reasonable doubts whether they clearly express an intention on the part of a testator.
This position is not heterodox so far as relinquo (or, as it is here expressed,dimitto ) is concerned: Section i argued that the problem with it is precisely that it attributes property directly to a beneficiary rather than vesting it in a trustee.
The only text which makes an express statement on this is found in Paul's sententiae .
This structure had for long been partially responsible for delay in their legal recognition, since the civil law had not yet come to express it in terms it could comprehend.
What he was actually talking about was the application of the lex Iulia et Papia ; and what he meant no doubt was that, for the purposes of those statutes, the rules expressed for legacies apply to trusts and gifts upon death too.
‘Before the fireman could fasten his belt’ read the Wolverton Express report, ‘there was a buzzing sound in the stables, the doors of which flew wide open and Bessie and Harry, with heads erect and eyes flashing, galloped to the shafts, stopping just under the suspended harness which dropped and was automatically locked on their backs’.
Stony Stratford men could have their lunch cooked at home and placed in a basket, labelled, and school children would then rush them to the top of the town and the tram would make an express run for one penny per lunch basket.
There may be other more altruistic motives such as the sponsor being the largest employer in the town and this  being one way of expressing community concern.
There were probably other factors at work, which have since slipped automatically into place, but the needs expressed above were evident, being expressed by a range of people, and provided a justification for investing time and resource in trying to establish a partnership with industry.
A full report was published to all who attended and from this 11 employers expressed a willingness to attend further meetings and become involved actively in an education business partnership with Hinde House School.
Views were expressed: ‘Not only do we need to experience real work,’ went the argument, ‘but we should give up our holiday times to do it!’
The purpose of education, expressed through a single description, is even more problematic.
This return should be expressed through performance of the individual learning site, the criterion for what is successful being a comprehensive record of achievement and experience, not a battery of inert test scores.
It then complicates matters further by promoting voluntarism in a market that can only imperfectly express itself.
The libretto now needs writing, not in terms of expectation of aid from elsewhere — little will come — but expressing the room for the innate, self-help strengths of local people and communities.
Its parties are bonded to each other for this purpose, choosing as they will how to express the contract.
St William's has presented itself as a prime mover and so it falls to St William's to work out how to express itself as a managing agent.
The business world often expresses unhappiness about inadequate information on personal qualities and the poor correlation between examination performance and characteristics like enterprise, initiative, imagination, diligence, reliability and sense of personal and collective responsibility.
They do not even reflect the cognitive side of learning; they are about the ability to recall and express accurately in a pressurised situation.
Express this increase as a fraction.
Express the increase as a fraction.
Express the extra as a fraction.
There had for a long time been publicly expressed unease in the United Kingdom about the unsatisfactory training of people treating the diseases of animals, whether they were farriers in the sense of being shoeing-smiths acting as horse-doctors, or were medical practitioners — physicians, or more especially surgeons — who had, partly or completely, left human medicine for the less crowded and potentially more lucrative (if less socially acceptable) field of animal medicine.
The received opinion among veterinary surgeons who have given any thought to the role of John Hunter in the early life of the Veterinary College agrees with the statement expressed in 1831 by Youatt, that Hunter was the ‘life and soul’ of the founding and development of the London Veterinary College.
Smith expressed his typically extreme view that the appointment of Coleman was the greatest calamity the veterinary profession ever experienced.
The Prince Regent is reported as a subscriber on 2 May 1811, having expressed the view that the College ‘held forth the expectation of much public benefit’.
Smith, well in character, says ‘It is difficult to find sufficiently restrained language to express the wickedness of this attitude’.
This hardly tallies with the sentiments expressed in a letter in the possession of the College in which Coleman, writing on 24 February 1813, gracefully declined an invitation to become President of the London Veterinary Society: ‘Gentlemen, I received your letter, and it gives me great pleasure to see so much zeal for the improvement of the veterinary art in Gentlemen, whom any & every Teacher might well be proud to call his Pupils—I shall most willingly grant the use of the College Theatre for the examination and discussion of such points as may be considered by you most important for the advancement of the Veterinary Science…you rightly observe that a number of minds concentrated on one object cannot fail to improve any art far beyond the reach of any  individual and I have no doubt that the Public will ultimately derive great benefits from your united exertions.
Smith's unfavourable opinion, which does not seem justified in respect of Coleman's professional career, is expressed in what seems to be is an inexplicably biassed manner.
Here,do so means ‘criticized the regime’, but its antecedent-containing clause expresses this content in a different way.
So, at least according to off-line judgements, the message conveyed by this passage was not difficult to extract, but it was expressed in a way that was not fully acceptable to focused critical judgement
The system's linguistic knowledge is expressed by means of declarative rules and lexical entries.
Correspondingly, between two candidates in the same batch there exists (at most) a weak preference ; the reasoner can choose either, and focusing criteria will only determine the choice, if at all , when the reasoner expresses no preference.
The therapist should also reward any positive changes by expressing satisfaction and by indicating their potential long-term benefits.
For example, a man who wished to make certain grievances clear to his boss decided that this was best approached, in the first instance, by writing to his boss because he  realized that, were he to try to do this face to face, he would find it difficult to express himself without losing his temper.
Examples of emotions that may need to be expressed are:
Because of cultural, family or personality factors many people may suppress their grief, but allowing grief to be expressed often reduces its intensity or duration.
Anger , which may not be expressed because of personality factors, such as excessive control, or fear of the consequences.
The presence of the therapist can encourage partners to express their anxieties, needs, and wishes to each other, whereas previously they may have found  this extremely difficult or even impossible.
After the therapist encouraged the couple to think of ways of being positive in their behaviour towards each other, Ann agreed to wear more attractive clothes, and Charles to show her more consideration and affection by praising her appearance, and expressing positive feelings towards her.
Their therapist expressed his satisfaction with their progress, and pointed out how their efforts were leading to a more rewarding relationship and a general sense of well-being for both of them.
They agreed to try to express any feelings of animosity at an early stage, rather than harbouring them until they exploded.
Margaret agreed to be seen at home by the therapist initially for three sessions, to help her express her feelings of grief about the loss of her husband, and to explore ways of coping with her practical problems.
The session was largely spent in helping her further to express her feelings of distress over the separation.
During these sessions she was further encouraged to express her feelings of grief.
After this she ceased to blame herself for the breakdown of their marriage, but instead expressed considerable anger towards her husband.
She pointed out that they rarely seemed to express affection towards Pamela and that this might be making her feel insecure.
Although the therapist was probably correct in initially providing a chance for Pamela to express her worries to someone outside the family, she should have progressed as soon as possible to helping Pamela and her parents tackle together the problems surrounding their communication and lack of mutual trust.
He also expressed irritation about the way Tony seemed to have let himself go in the last few months, since he had become unemployed.
After encouraging them to express their feelings, the therapist then explained how the change in Tony's behaviour and attitudes might be understandable in view of his current situation.
Being prepared to listen while a patient expresses his concerns and distress is another important aspect of therapy.
During the course of counselling, patients who bottle up their feelings are often helped by being encouraged to express these emotions.
Some workers have emphasized the difficulty most of these patients experience in expressing their emotional needs (Simpson 1976).
Reservations were soon expressed, however, about the necessity for psychiatrists to carry out the assessments in view of the relatively small number of patients who suffered from psychiatric illness and the pressures on already stretched psychiatric resources (Crammer 1969).
In the United States, concern has been expressed about the contribution of firearms to suicide.
Attempted suicide appears to have become an acceptable way of expressing distress among some people, and has therefore been likened to a fashion.
The percentage frequency is the number of 10-minute samples in which a species was recorded, expressed as a percentage of the total number of samples, and is thus a measure of distribution.
This expresses total numbers in terms of time spent watching instead of area covered.
People don't usually hit out unless they are upset or angry, so showing you understand their feelings goes a long way to preventing them from expressing that anger towards you.
You need to feel able to express your feelings about them.
The resident may earlier have expressed a wish to see a religious leader or priest and this should be arranged.
Allow them to express their views and fears about dying.
Expressing grief
It's important to express your own grief, to reassure the other residents but to allow them to grieve too.
Encourage other residents to express their feelings when one of them has died — this goes for you as well.
Painting is valuable because people who may have difficulty expressing themselves in words can get some of their feelings down in a picture.
The student must not be allowed to leave the ward with the feeling expressed by Sir John Davies in Nosce Teipsum :
An aim can be taken to be a statement of intent on the part of the teacher, usually expressed in general terms, whilst an objective is a statement describing in specific terms what the student is expected to do at the end of a course of learning experience.
Of course, we want our students to know, understand and appreciate the things we are teaching, but these terms represent our intentions and are more suitably expressed as aims.
This criticism is sometimes expressed in another way.
Most questions that nurses ask patients are closed questions, and therefore do not encourage the patient to express his feelings of social, emotional, or physical need.
Why did the learner not identify the signs of anxiety expressed through non-verbal behaviour?
Are the students encouraged to express their own ideas in discussion?
It was arranged that they should get the express train from Hanover in order to open at the Folies-Bergère on the very evening of their arrival.
To their dismay, they arrived at the departure platform just in time to see the express pulling out.
What they did not realize was that the express train had a restaurant car and the slow train did not.
When his will was published, the popular press were delighted to highlight the acrimony that John expressed in it.
She always paid for their meals during rehearsals and they would troop off to the Express Dairy cafeteria opposite.
The less courageous ones sat in the Express Dairy cafe with all the other out-of-work performers.
After seeing True Confessions and Tickly Mince Dave Anderson and Dave McLennan of Wildcat Theatre Company expressed interest in my working with them.
Students are encouraged to enjoy and express colour, pattern harmony, form and textural qualities in a fresh and uninhibited manner, and to apply creative energy to questions of production and marketability.
The essence of the humanities is the study of how we have interpreted the world about us, how we have expressed our understanding through language, literature, philosophy and the arts, and how differing views of human life and various forms of society have shaped our history.
The objective of all the Departments within the Faculty of Humanities is to set before students the example of the highest standards of performance, to teach them to think for themselves, to develop their individual abilities, and to express their ideas cogently and objectively.
It is possible to express the goals and objectives for online user education in terms of the two main ‘student’ groups — the end-users (E) and the intermediaries (I).
Some effort has been made by some libraries to assist libraries and institutions with user education programmes, for example, universities and polytechnics for schools, and public libraries also for schools, 2 but this expresses local efforts of co-operation, rather than the submission that user education is a continuous process which takes place throughout the various educational sectors and beyond.
This range expresses the resourcefulness and imagination of user education librarians, but at the same time it may express some uncertainty with orientation techniques and, indeed, library orientation itself.
They were both Waafs on the staff at Group, and when I tentatively expressed an interest in spiritualism, they fastened onto me like leeches.
It was a sickeningly familiar story and there was not much I could say, apart from expressing regret and understanding.
High on the list of anxieties expressed at pre-retirement and over-50s discussion groups — and sometimes ahead of worries about financial problems and ill health — are fears about the loss of relationships and loneliness.
Even though caring meant postponing many of the plans Mary and Jim had for their retirement, when her father died, Mary expressed satisfaction about the time spent caring for him.
They are rewarded with the deep satisfaction of having seen a loved one through what is often the hardest period of their lives, with all its opportunities for expressing affection and support.
It is proposed in this plan to lay down all the streets, squares, spaces, courts, lanes, yards, passages, fields, gardens, etc., etc., in such a manner as to express the exact dimensions of every regularly bounded plot of land in the township of Manchester and Salford, that will fall within that square which shall be judged the most proper to encompass it.
His talents may not have been great but his importance lies in his using them all to express in painting his romantic vision.
‘Sounds like the Cornishman coming,’ he thought dreamily to himself, remembering the time he had watched the express thunder through Berkeley Road station.
Up to 114 trains running at any one time — Intercity, modern diesels, freight trains, overhead electrics and occasionally, the Orient Express and Royal Train.
SUNDAY EXPRESS
‘A rare comedy emerges from the grief and anger which he expresses so fluently’Daily Telegraph
Fizzes with wit’ SUNDAY EXPRESS
This theme will be expanded by Frances Needham and Jonathan Reid in dance, whilst there will be explorations too into the healing and harmony that expressed creativity can bring to the soul.
Seats are yours if you either authorise us to debit the cost to your credit card account with Access/Visa/Diners Club/American Express plus postage, or reserved pending payment within 48 hours.
National Express Bus Company and Wallace Arnold offices in the interchange.
Attractions like the Pony Express and Fort Junior, along with Pioneer Playland — the biggest indoor play area in the country — keep the most energetic kids entertained for hours.
This is commonly expressed as, H = -97 kcal/mol.
If the objectors miss the point, it is because the ‘prevention’ lobby expressed it badly.
Market analyst Steven Weissman of the International Resource Development Comoration is sceptical, expressing doubt that consumers will find the service worth the money.
T. F. H. Allen and Thomas Starr openly express their debt to Koestler, in a book that superbly demonstrates how yesterday's blue-sky philosophical idea can become today's razor-sharp tool of scientific practice.
It is not perhaps surprising that concern over the handling of agricultural matters has been expressed from a number of parks including Exmoor and the North York Moors where pressures for reclamation have been, and perhaps still are, considerable.
The concerns that have been expressed outside the park committees need to be fully voiced within them if the committees are to decide in the best interests of the parks and their purposes, and if they are to be seen to do so.
For the first time the problem of synthesising diamonds could now be expressed in terms of the ways the atoms were arranged and rearranged (Figure 2).
Since 1975, the prices farmers receive for commodities expressed in real terms has fallen by 16 per cent.
All of which lends circumstantial weight to the idea that oncogenes may be activated by stripping them of their methyl groups — and also explains the common observation that tumour cells may sometimes express inappropriately characteristics of other tissue cells.
THERE have been a number of books in recent years relating the sciences to philosophical, ethical and spiritual attitudes, and expressing an essentially holistic approach to all knowledge.
They would be wrong, however, because the key idea of the book is expressed in the title and thoroughly elaborated in the bulk of the text.
The objectivity of time, space and matter expresses a fear of death, tries to capture a physical immortality for mankind, but Jones argues for a metaphor for life.
Sir Monty himself appeared on the panel at the end of the programme, expressing his opinion that the status of engineers was an intrinsic part of the problem.
Considerable concern was expressed in the 1950s and early 1960s about the impact of automation on jobs.
This wife stood by her afflicted husband and even expressed fears about what might happen if the firm were to remove him from his electronic friend: ‘I know it sounds funny, but I'm afraid that losing that computer may break his heart.’
While discussions of what astronomers expect to find can only be expressed in terms of what they already know, those working on IRAS clearly hope that the satellite will make exciting new discoveries.
But because of their regularity and because they can be expressed mathematically with great beauty and economy, helices provide the most striking instances of looking-glass asymmetry.
Crystallographers sometimes express this property as the equivalence of the residues.
MY MOTHER, being concerned about the reading habits of the young Little, once expressed her concern to my primary school headmaster.
I sometimes wonder if the reason I struggled with university mathematics was that no one had taken the trouble to express the mysteries of analysis in comic strip form.
With the express intent of reducing dependence on South Africa, nine states of southern Africa have set up an economic cooperation association, SADCC.
‘Allow me,’ says one from an English mother, ‘to express my most sincere esteem in recognition of your masterwork.’
These antigens are expressed on the surfaces of the body's defence cells, the lymphocytes, and help them to recognise invading foreign cells.
Big parrots need a greater range of signals, according to this theory, so that they can express more stages in the escalation before resorting to costly violence.
A number of countries, including Kuwait, Senegal, India, Saudi Arabia and the Philippines, have expressed interest in collaborating with the centre's work.
Despite serious and sometimes substantial attempts to provide policy-makers with alternatives, the view of the problem that has ‘stuck’ remains that expressed by Hermann Kahn's central question, ‘What price are we prepared to pay to deter the aggressor?’
He spent some time expressing his preference, for tactical reasons, for smaller neutron bombs before developing his argument.
I thought, ‘this will make the carrying of the tea to the remaining resident members of my family an uncommonly pleasant event, because they will all smile upon me instead of producing the customary resentful grunt when I stir them from sleep, and they will say ‘Good morning, dear husband/father (as the case might be), and they will reach under their beds for the gift-wrapped goodies so lovingly prepared and concealed the night before, and handing me their tributes they will voice their gratitude to God that I have survived so far, and will express the pious hope that they may be able to repeat such sentiments on this same date for many a year to come.
William Rodgers, a former Labour station master, rose for the ailing Alliance Express.
The answers to both questions are yes — but before conservationist indignation takes hold it should be pointed out that if the military do ‘invade’ the Galapagos (which is, of course, a province of Ecuador) it will be at the express invitation of the Galapagos National Park Service and the scientists of the Charles Darwin Research Station: for the sole purpose of eradicating feral animals.
Despite the reservations expressed by the Nuclear Installations Inspectorate (NII) about some aspects of the CEGB's safety case for the Sizewell-B PWR, the inspectorate's reaffirmation of the reactor's potential licensability means that the overall safety case will probably not be hard to establish.
Indeed it was their attempts to comprehend the formalism in terms of individual behaviour that led to some of the fathers of quantum theory, such as Erwin Schrödinger, Louis de Broglie and Einstein, to express strong doubts about the ultimate validity of the theory.
Crocker expresses ‘confusion’ at the Thai conclusion that their positive samples could have been natural since a wide swath of the district was reported to have been sprayed with yellow rain.
Quadrupling the number of academics in 15 years inevitably led to some appointments of people ‘not of the first rank’, as some politely express themselves.
The yeast would be manipulated to express the gene and to manufacture the enzyme in large quantities, and eventually be able to thrive on hexachlorobenzene and other offending compounds.
Sir Karl Popper, a kind and gentle thinker and whose 80th birthday we recently celebrated, has expressed this notion time and time again, and other scientists heartily endorse it.
Scientists then take these unfinished, inexact hypotheses and present them to other scientists for the express purpose of seeing if the hypothesis will not in fact be shot full of holes, hoping almost that it will be so shot, because Knowledge and Truth are thereby served, if only negatively, in having one more tenuous, groping hypothesis about the nature of the world shown to be false.
These qualities could be expressed numerically and combined, after a fashion, into a single inclusive measure.
But it had a promenade deck, like the Hindenburg, and carried its passengers in considerable luxury even allowing for the natural exaggeration of the Imperial Airways Gazette : ‘passengers making air journeys in the new Empire type flying boats of Imperial Airways not only express their admiration for the speed and quietness in flight of these air liners, and for the spaciousness of their saloons, but they also pay warm tributes to the efficiency of their catering arrangement’.
Today the express coach has much the same sort of function In the first years of the century the number of interurbans grew rapidly.
Recent statements, expressing similar sentiments, have been made by Energy Secretary Nigel Lawson and his parliamentary secretary John Moore.
Being unemployed also means that you are deprived of the social contacts and involvement in collective activity that goes with paid employment; you lack its external stimulus to activity and time-structure; and you lack the status and sense of value provided by a job and expressed in terms of social esteem as well as money.
It was no less a figure than Professor Derek de Solla Price, in his Little Science, Big Science , who expressed one perspective on science in the following terms: ‘We may define a man's solidness…as the logarithm of his life's score of papers.
Once you are afflicted with this inverted mentality in which every thing that exists is a pale shadow of some abstract general principle, expressed in a compound-noun sandwich, you are incapable of seeing or saying anything clearly.
This curious truth about language is that it is always perfect: when a user of the language fails to express himself clearly it is because some existing linguistic resource is not known to him, not because such a resource does not exist.
Equally in error in my view are those who criticise Royal Edinburgh for expressing his views, which, incidentally, I do not share, that Britain should keep some nuclear weapons.
That recent ideas about immunosuppressive drugs, auto-immune syndromes and tumour viruses should join together to express themselves as a disease seems only to be expected.
On its side it said ‘Express Service’.
The Royal Commission expresses its surprise at the ignorance of water authorities, which still do not know the scale of the problem.
The central theme of the Unit's philosophy is that there is only one science, no matter how finely disciplines have become subdivided (largely for administrative purposes) over the years, and so we look for those research proposals which are naturally and freely expressed.
In their gorgeous knitted sweaters, these youngsters had far more in common with their Scandinavian cousins than with their fellow countrymen on the school ship from West Ham — though the two British groups got on fine, expressing mutual wonder at one another 's behaviour.
In the cause of historical justice, it should be noticed how he seemed always to feel obliged to express caution about too readily assigning to the cosmical redshift all the attributes of an ordinary velocity shift; at the same time he seemed to wish not positively to offer any alternative treatment.
They are thought to have been attached to wooden figures to carry a dead king's crown in ceremonies expressing the continuity of royal office.
However, it adds that ‘the consequences of genetic manipulation experiments may well be slow to express themselves, and therefore some form of long-term surveillance is obviously necessary’.
Delegates and speakers alike expressed concern about the West's readiness and ability to adapt to life in a ‘computer culture’.
Not only did Robert Recorde write the first series of mathematics texts in English: he expressed (in his Ground of Artes of 1543) a very modern viewpoint.
However the public is influenced by the wider allegations and Kitcher expresses concern that ‘Those who have been beguiled into thinking that a high school course in evolutionary biology is the gateway to a life of violence and depravity are not likely to ponder the scientific credentials.’
asks Frydman, ‘can I express the inexpressible?
A child rated as ‘attached’ to its mother at nine months (crying when she leaves the room, for example) may express its attachment to her again at 18 months but through a quite different behavioural repertoire (leaving mother but repeatedly checking back).
One firm that has expressed interest is Nippon Telegraph and Telephone, the Japanese telecommunications giant.
Japanese computer firms such as Fujitsu, Hitachi and Nippon Electric (NEC), which are competing with Us firms to build the world's fastest ‘supercomputer’ have also expressed interest in using the idea to develop an optical processing technology .
Furthermore, although there was no shortage of surgical complications which might have formed a focus for psychological discontent, the researchers noted that ‘even those who had experienced complications tended to underrate their seriousness and to express satisfaction.’
Three days after the riveting Panorama, the £350 million had been upped to £880 million by the Daily Express on the assumption that it would be built by contractors.
They were given on the express condition that they will never be played.
‘I cannot express in words the love and care which has been show to me by all my Christian friends since Mam died .’
A recent medical report expressed concern about increased drinking among boys and girls, including those under the legal age.
It expresses love and strengthens unity as well as being the supreme way of renewing commitment and of giving and receiving pleasure.
But within the security and time-scale of marriage, partners can be  free to express their love physically as they can and will, without pressure to meet required standards.
Such a person acts as a catalyst, providing the right opportunity and atmosphere for each to express honestly what their feelings are about themselves and each other.
Because none of these emotions is overtly expressed it is always possible for the offending partner to act the innocent and deny any hidden meaning.
This is the Harlequin Principle and is vividly expressed on the body of the harlequin sweetlips, a fish that appears to the eye as a collection of coral reef growths.
If he is drunken and disillusioned, owns a taxi or spends most of his time chasing higher academic qualifications with the express view of escaping from the job he is doing (and all this happens very frequently in practice), he will be of considerably less value to the children under his care than a man or woman with humbler qualifications but greater maturity, integrity and interest in children.
Goals are often too readily set and aims too ambitiously expressed and unless a systematic (scientific) examination is made of the methods utilised to achieve these ends, there is the danger that progress may be slowed or even upset….’
It is only one of a number of instruments which express the official curriculum.
They offer very scant opportunity for children to express themselves in creative and cultural activities, while retaining a relatively generous allocation for physical education (a subject which in all my years as an inspector and teacher trainer I never saw convincingly taught outside college teaching practice).
How is this selection to be expressed to the users?
Finally how are such official plans to be expressed and disseminated?
I have not changed in any way the words in which they expressed themselves.
In form and moving how express and admirable!
In consequence, how many people are there today of whom it may be said, as regards their use of themselves, ‘in form and moving how express and admirable’?
If this has no effect, try expressing some milk before the morning feed; refrigerate or freeze it for use later.
For advice on how to express milk contact one of the breast-feeding advice groups whose addresses are given on pp 336–7.
Nevertheless the foregoing does express the nature of the situation as it really is and people should be very well aware of it before they decide to start a family or indulge in sexual activity likely to produce a child.
This relationship is expressed by the word ‘friendship —, and includes many manifestations of it among the denizens of the earth both human and otherwise.
There are moments of tenderness, too, beautifully expressed by the players.
Members of the public expressed some dismay that the new lighting would be yellow, pointing out that the white light gives a character and atmosphere to this conservation area which should not be altered.
Sir,— There is a small but growing voice to be heard expressing the desire for the introduction of the Australian system of making it compulsory for people to vote in political elections.
Sir,— I should like to say how much I agree with some of the sentiments expressed by Peter Cowan in your paper last week.
Sir,— When Malcolm Rifkind was made Minister of Transport I wrote a letter to him congratulating him on his appointment, expressing the hope that he would be a success in his job and asking him to instruct his Civil Servants to concentrate their efforts more on the railways of this country rather than on the roads.
I expressed my belief that the Department of Transport, as a whole, were keener on road construction than on improving the railways.
Concern was again expressed about the proliferation of horses in the countryside.
Interest was also expressed over another site in the village, adjacent to the school, which East Hampshire District Council were said to be looking at with a view to a second affordable housing development.
Thanks were also expressed to Christopher Case and outline details given as to plans to form a family choir.
Residents have expressed fears about the move by Surrey County Council after a notice appeared on a wooden pole at the top of Farnham Lane with a map showing the changes affecting three rights of way in Haslemere and one in Chiddingfold.
Although he was a master of English prose, he showed that certain feelings could be expressed only by recourse to ‘the mither tingue’.
John expressed a desire for milk and one man went on ahead to the surface and asked one of John's neighbours to get out of bed and milk her cow.
Initially, about 150 young bloods expressed an interest and took part in rehearsals in the home counties but most of them withdrew when they realised the costs of hiring armour and equipment, of having gowns and costumes made for their ladies and attendants, and of transporting their retinues to Scotland.
Of greater significance than the numbers of schools established in 1850 to 1860 is the fact that some of them were founded for the express purpose of teaching deaf children through the Oral System.
As a result, one can indeed envisage a situation in which we have before us an over production in all links of the chain which expresses itself in an over-production of means of consumption, i.e. in an overproduction in relation to the consumer market , which is precisely the expression of a general over-production .
where is the planlessness of the economy, its anarchy expressed?
Or to express it in more popular terms: let us assume that we had a complete proportionality in every branch of production, in the sense of their unilateral connection in one direction: from means of production to means of consumption…
By the same token, the exchange relation expressing the social division of labour and the separation of the socio-production organisation into independent capitalist enterprises is replaced by a technical division of labour within an organised ‘national economy’.
Now, we can see that market competition expresses only one part, only one model of the ‘life’ of separate commodity producers, i.e., that model of relations which is not connected with the division of social labour.
the position of the development of the productive forces is closely related to that of reproduction: the growth of the forces of production corresponds with expanded reproduction, when static they correspond with simple reproduction and their decline is expressed in the fact that an ever diminishing share of the periodically consumed products is replaced.
Here ‘relations between people’ are not expressed as ‘relations between things’, and the social economy is regulated not by the blind forces of the market and competition, but by a consciously followed plan…the end of a capitalist commodity society will also see the end of political economy.
On the other hand, the remaining disorganisation, lack of solidarity, individualism, parochial narrow-mindedness and the defects of capitalist society are apparent in the form of the failure to understand general proletarian tasks, which are expressed most forcibly in the tasks and demands of the Soviet dictatorship, the workers' state.
The position of the development of the productive forces is closely related to that of reproduction: the growth of the productive forces corresponds with expanded reproduction, when static they correspond with simple reproduction and their decline is expressed in the fact that an ever-diminishing share of periodically consumed products is replaced.
There were, of course, numerous forms and methods in which this ‘law’ expressed itself, but the most characteristic aspect was that of the transfer of resources to the socialist sector from the private commodity sector, and this is the process that — according to Preobrazhensky —imposes itself upon the socialist sector.
Either one of two things: either the period of primitive accumulation is taken just as ‘pre-history’; in which case it has a strict time-limit …or we see it as a process of ousting ‘third persons’ in general— in which case the concept itself has to be abolished, since in that case it does not express anything special, specific, etc.
These are expressed through planning and the market respectively.
This passage forcibly expressed Bukharin's concern that, given the conditions then prevailing, the ‘plan’ should not be regarded as being actually able to control all the elements that had to be taken into account.
It is a British thing to say ‘it's not nice’ for girls to be confident, and ‘not ladylike’to express an opinion.’
Mr. Kemp is entitled to his opinions but why he chooses to express them in such flippant and dismissive manner is puzzling.
Or Strauss expressing his fears of the ‘Philistine, the obtuse vindictive critic’?
[Editor's Note: the opinions expressed in these pages are the opinions of the readers who write to CD REVIEW.
The magazine is not bound to agree with the opinions expressed .]
JH: In your first book (Musical Thoughts and Afterthoughts of 1976) you expressed the view that all modern day performances of the Classical repertoire should be considered as some form of arrangement.
AB:I agree with you that when listening to, say, Haydn's Symphonies Nos. 101 and 103 as conducted, for example, by Frans Brüggen, I feel grateful to hear finally what the music wanted to express, not just because of the orchestra, but also because of Mr. Brüggen, who seems to combine a profound knowledge of old instruments with the gift of characterisation, of modifying a tempo, of making transitions — let's say a whiff of Furtwängler's virtues.
To ‘sigh’ two-note groups seem to me appropriate only when the music really expresses a sigh!
What is equally undeniable is Die Auferstehung's status as a masterwork (Mozart conducted it three times in 1788, expressing no small amount of enthusiasm), and this recording's fine presentation of the piece, worthy to stand beside Hermann Max's [see my review of JS Bach's Magnificat below —Ed.]splendid Capriccio recording (coupled with .
Even so, I have to express some slight disappointment with this new CD.
The apparent ease of his contrapuntal textures, too, is another example of art concealing art: a moment's listening behind the quiet, untrammelled ease with which Jenkins expresses himself reveals the downright mastery involved.
Together with the Fantaisie Polonaise , it typically expresses his strong nationalistic beliefs.
Marshall achieves her aim of expressing the vocal character of the Sienna organ.
Their oak skeletons are carved and moulded to express the pride of the 16th-century wool barons in themselves and the rich green lands by the winding river.
Thus the ghastly memories brought back to him by an egg; or his feeling, so terrible he does not express it, when 20 years after Maidanek his friend Michael has forgotten his name.
Ruskin argued that art must not exist for itself, but for its subject, nature —‘All Great Art is Praise’— and to express and enhance society, so that a worthless society could produce only worthless art, and vice versa.
I have every sympathy with the concern expressed by J M Bale (Letters, February issue) over the design and location of agricultural buildings.
As budgeting is an integral part of any business plan, it is usually preferable both to express the plan and to review it on an annual basis that coincides with the firm's accounting year.
The relationship between overheads and this basic productive capacity is  usually expressed as a percentage uplift on the hourly rate (r) referred to earlier.
First, instead of a figure based on shares, the members' liability would be limited to a fixed sum expressed in the memorandum of association on registration of the company.
The dividend may be expressed as a fixed percentage of the nominal or paid up value of the shares, or may even extend to participation in any dividends declared over and above that fixed amount.
However, the restriction of management powers within a partnership requires careful and express rebuttal of the presumptions established by the 1890 Act.
They take the infantile mewing and they modify it to each situation in which they wish to express a need for something.
Nutritional experts have been criticized in the past for expressing themselves so strongly on this point, but they are unrepentant.
It will feel the need to express its dominance and will do this in the manner of a ‘top cat’.
But if they suddenly have the urge to express their senior status in relation to a new pet in the home they may revert to the age-old manner of doing this, much to the distress of their well-meaning owners, who probably bought the new kitten as a special companion for the older cat.
They lack the opportunity to express their inborn urges to hunt and to flee from danger.
But while the  views expressed in the current policy statement are still valid, such declarations, which have never been sufficient to deter censorship in libraries, are now patently inadequate, in spite of being updated to reflect perhaps the differing rationale for censorship.
There is pressure from the society being served — to respond this way and that; there is pressure from employers; and there is the pressure from within — to be an individual and to express individual tastes and views.
In 1981 a report to the European Parliament by P. de Keersmaeker of the European Commission expressed wholehearted support for the principle of a fixed link, and in the same year reports based on consultations with the Council of Europe's Conference of Local and Regional Authorities came to a similar conclusion both about the fixed link and other gaps in the European network of trunk communications.
The British police have expressed grave worries in recent months at the failure to develop a coordinated approach to the security problems arising from the establishment of the Single European Market and the opening of the Channel Tunnel.
The cost of the shuttle fleet, including specially designed locomotives, was estimated at £226m and a range of companies expressed interest following the release of detailed specifications in early 1988.
The local authority associations have also expressed concern at the likely impact of the Tunnel on peripheral regions, and a conference was held in the early Summer of 1989 to launch a Channel Tunnel initiative with the aim of ensuring that its benefits reach all parts of the UK. it focuses on the role of local authorities in attracting new businesses by providing the right infrastructure including good access to international rail passenger services at regional railheads, and effective freight transhipment points linked to the road network.
The Society is not responsible for individual opinions expressed in articles and reviews or in reports of any kind.
Editorials do not necessarily express the views of the Council.
Any spare capacity would deal only with local waste — a policy that Du Pont believes is ‘aligned with the clearly expressed views or responsible political and community leaders’.
Some universities and the Labour party have expressed concern that the privatisation of BTG might damage the exploitation of UK technology and harm academics, trust in the company.
Writs were issued at the end of January against the Sunday Express and Neville Hodgkinson, who wrote an article about Halcion and its possible side-effects, and the BBC's Panorama programme and its presenter Tom Mangold for a programme entitled The Halcion nightmare .
One of the issues that delegates expressed reservations about was the potential cost of the scheme —‘putting standards on water will require investment by a wide variety of people’, said Chave.
Holland thus leads us to a dynamic and important role of reading: ‘The psychoanalytic theory of literature holds that the writer expresses and disguises childhood fantasies.
Farrar s sentimentality may be excessive but we may envy his freedom to recognize and express childhood affection as well as childhood aggression (‘I'll kill you for that,’ said Barker, leaping at Eric, and seizing him by the hair' (ibid .
Some young readers find it disturbing, not because the characters lack emotion but because the whole story expresses emotional immaturity or instability.
This uncertainty is expressed by both primary and first-year secondary-school children.
Beatrix Potter's little books provide a model of the economic use of precise language; E. Nesbit sets standards of pace, intimacy with the reader, vivid immediacy, and dialogue; Frances Hodgson Burnett shows how it is possible to hold and express beliefs (such as the power of Nature) and still remain in control; Robert Louis Stevenson demonstrates the spirit-stirring power of adventure, a sort of basic human need to succeed and to survive gloriously; Arthur Ransome illustrates how a matter-of-fact tone can match the no-nonsense approach of children; and so on.
Respect for young readers is often expressed by working with them as distinct from working for them; asking them rather than telling them.
In July, 1989, the Daily Express reported that ex-Beatle Paul McCartney was funding a Fame-type school on Merseyside through remarks a black friend made to him about the Toxteth riots being mainly caused by police harassment.
In fact, there was another group who were not happy and who  expressed their unhappiness in no uncertain terms to me on my return.
I explained that I had felt that it was the right thing to do; it expressed what I felt.
Ralph Metcalfe, that great sprinter of the early thirties and adversary of Jesse Owens, was not, I suspect, enamoured of being known as the ‘Midnight Express’.
The views expressed in this paper are those of the authors and not necessarily those of the Social Science Research Council or its North Sea Oil Panel.
Many Shetlanders expressed concern about land being considered not as a resource for production, but as a resource to be treated simply as a kind of nonagricultural commodity i.e. something to be surrendered up from agriculture merely for money.
Most of these views were expressed, in less articulate terms, in numerous informal discussions arranged with members of the relevant departments of the council bureaucracy, prior to fieldwork in Shetland.
Parents, pressure groups, national teachers' organisations, and academics regularly express in print the notion that closing a primary school and sending children down the road to a school in another  settlement may bring about changes detrimental to the way of life of any community whose school is closed.
The view expressed in the cliche that ‘the school is the heart of the community’ is apparently held to apply to rural life in general.
It is of interest to note that half the current members of the Association of Social Anthropologists express an interest in complex societies.
So when I asked Karen what she thought she was up to, I was merely expressing my irritation and anxiety at this interruption.
She expressed her condolences briefly and tactfully, in marked contrast to some of those present, who couldn't quite bring themselves to approach the grieving widow but were quite prepared to quiz me at length about the details of Dennis's last hours.
‘They're only expressing themselves.’
A desirable state is that of the two energies in balance, and the best site is located where there is a change from landscape expressing one type of energy to landscape expressing the other.
Certainly witches still have a tradition of performing rites at special places in the countryside and it seems natural for people to want to express their relationship with the Earth in the form of ritual at sites where they know the earth energy can be found.
As he says: ‘it is hard to imagine how the conception of a tree as tenanted by a personal being could be more plainly expressed.’
Several of the passers-by turned to look at her, for although she was — as she herself would have expressed it —‘no Helen of Troy’ when it came to looks, there was some thing very engaging about Breeze.
She was wearing an ancient jumper of her favourite moss-green, and her skirt had lost its shape long ago; but her whole being expressed an intense joy of living, and vitality such as hers lends an ‘air’ to the shabbiest of clothes.
That was the only way Breeze could express it.
King Alfred had expressed a traditional division in society when he said that a kingdom must have those who pray, those who fight and those who work.
But as the men of the upper class were bred for war, as they enjoyed fighting and felt that in war their intimate bond of loyalty to their chief was most fully expressed, the connexion between fief and military service was an unconscionable time in dying.
The paradoxes of our story are nowhere writ so large as in Rome; the basilicas of San Clemente and Santa Maria in Trastevere were totally rebuilt in the twelfth century — and yet they perfectly express the art and architecture of the fourth century — as perfectly as any Gothic building of the nineteenth century expresses the thirteenth, or fourteenth.
The churches reflect the piety and religious sentiment of the citizens in an age which naturally sought to express civic feeling in religious form.
The walls express the growing independence of the cities.
The aspirations of the knightly class at its best and the sense that Christendom must go over to the offensive against Islam are nowhere more succinctly expressed than in this poem, written when the Christian reconquest of Spain was well under way, but when the crusades had only just begun, shortly before or shortly after the launching of the First Crusade.
All you need is the opportunity to really express yourself — and Focus Now can give you that.
Hugo looked even more tired and strained than he had earlier, Harriet thought, and Sally was edgy and preoccupied though she seemed greatly relieved when Hugo told her that the insurance investigator, Tom O'Neill, had seemed satisfied with what he had been able to tell him and had not expressed any desire for a further interview or the need to come to the house to speak to Sally.
It is this faculty which sees the subtle physical aspects of the aura, for instance, while in full outward manifestation this faculty is expressed as our physical eyes, which are sensitive to the small section of the electromagnetic spectrum that we call light.
With no image of hunting and killing in her ‘mind’, with no hunger driving her, she does not express such intentions in her actions and demeanour — and the deer pick it up instinctively at both subtle or vibrational as well as gross physically observable levels.
Our mind and emotions are automatically expressed in the attitude of our body, our facial expression and our gestures.
It is expressed in the otter's body language.
They seem to let the soul of the other person — or the animal — communicate by the way it expresses itself, in the look and in the bearing, in the tone and in the voice.
They express a wide range of emotions and feelings to which we can readily relate:expectantly waiting for their master or mistress to return home, display of affectionate greetings , or excitement when it comes time to go out for a walk or prepare their food.
This was followed subsequently by great interest in all the smells and scents of the roadside, even the occasional canine encounter — accompanied by the whole world of doggie communication: nose to nose, nose to tail, side by side, tail and body postures, ears up, ears down — their inward mental structure is quite clearly being expressed in a language and through sense perceptions and actions we do not share.
The herding, hunting, guarding, group companionship and communication possessed by the wolf and many wild dogs of today are almost identical to those same instincts expressed by our domestic dog.
This is partially true, but the motivations for saying ‘quack’, the kindof quack a duck makes, the social message that is being conveyed — fear, alarm, pain, surprise, contentment, ‘Come here’, ‘Go away’, ‘Look what I've found’— this all requires a mind behind the larynx to make it express or utter the intent and feeling within the duck's mind, to give the quack the correct inflection and intonation.
Meaning lies in the mind, beyond words — just as one may search for a word to express one's meaning.
A calm stance breeds a sense of trust and security, while a threatening pose will make creatures run, just as a dog will cower or a cat will flee merely at the kind of look expressed upon your face, even in the absence of words.
But the mind always expresses itself through the body, consciously or unconsciously, just as it does in humans.
So do Humpbacks have ways of expressing the same request for the repetition of a pleasurable sonic experience?
In all cases, the inner mental being of a creature is similar throughout its life cycle, though expressing itself through different outward physical forms as it metamorphoses.
It is only the basic spiritual truths which surface time and again, expressed through different idioms.
Yet familiarity may be blinding us to equal intelligence expressed by animals far closer to home.
There is no doubt of her mental motivation or desire to simply play and exercise, to express what she feels in her mind is the most natural of things to do.
Yet the hunter, walking with gun on arm, thoughts only of killing and murder in his mind and his intent clearly expressed in his body language, is shunned in fear by all creatures who can.
These are expressed in the outer form and ‘life-style’ of the creature — whether plant, tree, insect, animal or man.
The mental vibrations are also expressed in the aura which every incarnate being has around it.
For the mental vibration is directly expressed in the biochemistry and ‘life-style’ of the plant.
The empath looked up at Fox as if for help, genuinely puzzled as to how to express his feeling in words.
You can clasp the arm of the nearest gawping workmate and express your tearful relief, saying, ‘Thank God you've arrived, chaps, I'm being held prisoner!’
While he expressed  no great desire to conquer Poland, he had ambitions to build a land bridge of Prussian-controlled territory from Brandenburg to East Prussia, and to regulate the grain trade through Danzig and along the Vistula in order to raise revenues to expand and equip the Prussian army.
Each of my brothers had expressed an apology for their initial anger with me (which I fully understood).
The fate of the great whales has not been a happy one and in the 1970s scientists and conservationists began to express deep concern over their dwindling numbers.
write to your MP expressing your concerns
write to your local supermarket expressing your desire to buy local unadulterated food
When the research for Too Long a Winter , the first film documentary about Hannah, was being finalized around the end of October 1912, a certain hope was expressed about the weather.
The correspondents expressed deep gratitude to Hannah — they were so inspired by her sublimely tranquil and uncomplaining acceptance of the kind of material deprivation considered unacceptable by modern society, so moved by her angelic demeanour and indomitable spirit, that they had been obliged to consider their own situation and concluded that their individual complaints about life were so paltry by comparison that their entire perspective had been changed.
Sex is a natural way of expressing human feelings but sometimes there are risks, including the possibility of catching a sexually transmitted disease — for example gonorrhoea, syphilis or chlamydia.
you may feel like expressing your concern very strongly.
The success of such strategies is therefore usually expressed in terms of the ratio between public and private investment.
Of course, since they were not involved in these groups these needs failed to be expressed to the city council, although the two umbrella groups, NSCDC and NSLC, took some responsibility for this.
Economic problems were not addressed by the Ahlbrandt study and this reflects the lack of attention expressed by the neighbourhood groups to issues such as unemployment, affordable housing and employment generation.
Ahlbrandt found a strong attachment to the neighbourhood but a low percentage of residents (57 per cent) expressing a feeling that East Allegheny was a good or excellent place in which to live.
The number of homes sold to median-to-high income earners rose while neighbourhood representatives expressed concern over the concentration of substandard property.
While I accept that the incident took place in the ‘heat of the moment’, a swift apology from Mr. Stewart would have defused a tense situation instead of a letter expressing ‘regret’ belatedly sent to TVNZ .
Even the decoits in the interior of Sind who had been closely following Pakistan's victory march in their hide-outs expressed their joy by firing their weapons in the air without fear of being discovered.
Lord Mayor Bill Turner and Assistant Director of Public Relations Trevor Hines have expressed particular enthusiasm, and believe Birmingham's recent development will make the city an ideal venue.
The changes since 1946 are thoroughly examined — the introduction of limited-over games, the disappearance of the amateur, the employment of overseas players — and the author does not hesitate to express his own views on some of the latest developments.
Time spent collecting concrete evidence that you possess these and similar skills and qualities which are often expressed in rather general terms will pay off handsomely when you are required to prove your worth in an interview.
This means that you should not turn up in casual clothes which express your out-of-work personality, enchanting as that may be, nor should you wear the sort of ‘best’ clothes which would make you the star at a party but which are patently unsuitable for day-today working situations.
It will also give you the opportunity to get used to hearing the sound of your own voice and to work out a way of expressing clearly the points you would like to put across.
The initial tendency, on the part of both government and public, to assume that the Jacobite adventure would soon peter out, was replaced, as the news of the fall of Edinburgh and Cope's defeat at Prestonpans sank in, by feelings of outrage and alarm, which were soon expressed in a fervent outburst of patriotism.
I find it so hard to express
How to express approval can be left to the imagination.
That of course is to express what can be a complicated legal matter in a simple way, but in highly charged and volatile situations the maintenance of such a balance by the police and trades union officials is not always easy.
As Professor D.G.T. Williams has pointed out, differing philosophies on this question of demonstration were expressed in debate.
our society has become so complicated and our representative system of government so remote to many fellow citizens, that there has to be an alternative way of expressing dissent other than the constitutional way of doing it through representative government.
It is of interest in this connection to note that Lord Scarman, who was not in favour of similar provisions in his report on the Red Lion Square disturbances in 1978, expressed a different view following the Brixton disorders in 1981, when he included recommendations in his report that the Public Order Act of 1936 should be amended to include ‘a requirement of advance notice of a procession to the police’.
Indecency is a singularly inappropriate test for regulating dramatic depictions of intimacy, particularly where the audience has expressed a conscious choice to view the performance through the purchase of tickets.
Erotic publications and artefacts ‘reflect and celebrate the sexual nature and life of men and women’ in the context of the total human personality (a definition usefully extended by Williams in observing that the purpose of the erotic is primarily to express sexual excitement rather than to cause it).
This of course does not mean that the opposition to birth control expressed in the early years of the century, particularly by religious authorities, has completely ended.
The Warnock Committee, after expressing liberal views regarding such practices as egg donation and in vitro fertilization, turned to truly Draconian measures in their effort to stamp out surrogacy.
And these casual conversations do not express a wish for anything to be different.
By this means children come to learn that their feelings can be expressed without fear of abuse, and their sexuality is both acceptable and manageable.
When young people form a strong attachment to someone of another race or religion, parents and elders may well express surprise.
Reflecting the degree of adaptation required, parents may well express concern as to whether the match is viable.
With other feelings we may be burdened by their strength, yet still be free enough to choose whether we express them to others by word or action, indulge them or keep a tight rein on them.
Strange as it may seem, some people have more difficulty in handling or expressing warm, loving feelings than negative, angry ones; or it may feel as if they have to keep a tighter reign on the loving feelings, which they perceive as making them more vulnerable to rejection and disappointment.
Through trial and error they learn how and where it is appropriate to express such feelings and when they will be effective.
On the one hand, there is the infant whose every need continues to be met before it is expressed (one whose mother cannot bear the weakest cry — perhaps she herself was left to cry for too long).
Some men and women who are sure of and comfortable with their predominant gender are able to express their ‘other half’, some people much less so.
The husband keeps himself in touch with his femininity as expressed by his wife; she keeps herself in touch with her masculinity as expressed by her husband.
Second, the specificity of who it is safe to love is related to the ‘me in you’: ‘I love someone who reflects part of myself, sometimes a hidden or unacknowledged part of myself; I feel good with a you who either shares my feelings, expresses them for me or helps me to defend myself against them.’
The mix, the range and the flexibility of them relate back to early familial blueprints of how feelings were expressed, handled or avoided.
However, in the search for wholeness one partner may choose and use the other to express a feared or unrecognized part of the self, and this, by definition, is unconscious: ‘I love the unrecognized me in you’.
Clive expressed his distrust and fear of being let down by a very detached attitude in all his relationships.
Bob, an only child, had no problem in expressing his greed.
Joan Halton used her husband to express the emotional greed of which she was so frightened in herself.
In fact we can say that we never need to have our own feelings if we can be sure that our nearest and dearest will express them for us.
If this conflict is too problematic, one feeling remains conscious and the opposing one is repressed but projected into another person who expresses it.
When it is expressed by the marriage partner the internal conflict is externalized, sometimes on a daily basis.
For example, Joan Halton may use Bob to express the greed of which she is afraid, then protest -about the greed he displays.
If her protest is effective, she becomes less frightened of her own greed and more able to own and express it for herself.
When we would expect a feeling to be expressed to some extent by both partners but instead one person is quite overcome with emotion while the other is apparently untouched, we may assume that one carries and expresses the feeling for both.
This can be expressed by people saying that they feel they want a child for their fulfilment as human beings.
Sometimes the internal conflict of wanting/not wanting a baby, wanting/ fearing having one, is expressed in menstrual pain or premenstrual tension.
Would-be grandparents can express their disappointment at not acquiring the longed-for grandchild.
But can she allow herself to get in touch with that needy infant inside her adult self, or does she always have to be the carer, the non-greedy adult, leaving Bob Halton to express all the emotional greed for them both?
Between them they expressed the opposing feelings so often displayed by young children in the peak age of attachment: on the one hand, the protest and fury about being left — cries of rage — and then a sullen refusal to acknowledge and come to the mother; on the other hand, the desperate yearning for the loved one and a need to cling and not let go.
As a result one set of feelings is expressed while the other is repressed.
Rose expressed only the infantile yearning and clinging.
In contrast, Clive repressed all his earlier yearnings for closeness, but continued to express the old protest in his detached manner to all and sundry, and in his constant irritation with his wife's agoraphobia and anxiety as to his whereabouts.
Clive Greenacre, then expressing only his own anger and not hers as well, became less irritable.
Only then, when she was no longer expressing the yearning for him, did he learn of his own need.
expressed by one partner asking to be contained, the other being prepared to contain.
The same oppositional balance is expressed in more prosaic language by two men who each described one of the two polarities:
Feelings that have been firmly repressed, near the surface yet still not sufficiently available to be formed into words, can express themselves through bodily symptoms; if these feelings relate to permeability, they may well be expressed on the skin -rashes, blotches, spots and boils — and become boundary symptoms.
Some people express more of their feelings through their eyes, their hands or their whole posture than through their words.
Then he had valued her ability to express things for them both.
An  adult's constant blaming of another can also be heard as the angry protest of the deprived internal infant within that adult body, and when it turns to whining, may also serve to express the yearning and become an attempt to control the whereabouts of the other.
Other people, with a mountain of blame in their inner world which they are afraid to express, may use their partner to do this for them.
In a family in which ‘asking’ is always done by a threatening fist, and physical violence is the usual means of expressing ill-temper or frustration, the difference between welfare and ill-fare is the strength of the blow rather than the fact that it happened.
As we have seen, conscious or unconscious envy of what the other is, or has, underlies much of the fury and frustration which is expressed in physical violence.
Phillip Tranter controlled through words and strongly expressed beliefs which were difficult to counter.
Forgiveness and atonement may be expressed through the act when feelings are starting to move that way, but the words still too difficult to articulate.
Some mothers can enjoy and care well for a baby in arms, but are disturbed by and neglectful of a toddler who starts to express independence and move away as well as towards.
Clive Greenacre was not only put out when his agoraphobic wife started to express her anger about his callous behaviour, but also amazed by the sexual demands she then started to make on him.
This can be expressed very physically in the way breasts are now regarded as being for feeding babies rather than for making love, and most couples experience tensions over their sexual relationship in the early months and even years of parenthood.
But just as women now demand for themselves greater freedom to express different facets of the self, so too do some men, although not nearly so many of them.
Like their wives, they want to express more of themselves and get in touch with the caring and home-making aspects of their personalities.
Alongside anxiety about loss must be placed a parallel feeling best expressed by the indignant snort of a parent of four ‘children’ in their twenties: ‘Empty nest?
Many words which express mathematical ideas are used over and over again and it is important that they are used correctly, especially comparatives such as wider, longer, deeper, heavier, lighter, thicker and thinner.
S Express enjoys rise in circulation
The Sunday Express has begun to reap the rewards of a series of promotions with its largest circulation increase since it was relaunched under the editorship of Eve Pollard in May last year.
According to latest Audit Bureau of Circulations figures, average October to March sales of the Sunday Express have stepped up to 1,666,993 this year from 1,617,129 in the equivalent period last year, a rise of more than three per cent.
Charge card companies such as American Express and Diners Club International insist on full repayment at the end of the month, and do not carry interest charges or pre-set spending levels but charge an annual fee of between £25 and £85.
American Express managing director John Crewe says: ‘There is a whole swing away from debt and the creation of debt as people become more cautious, which means the charge card will come into its own.’
Although market researcher Market Assessment suggests charge card usage could increase by 43 per cent by 1995, charge card companies, particularly American Express, have suffered from poor publicity in recent months as retailers spurn their cards and their associated high margins.
American Express sets its margin at about 3.5 per cent, and the banks have forced their rates to retailers down to 1.8 per cent .
Crewe of American Express says ‘the banks can't afford to do business at that level’, but adds that American Express is talking to retailers and other outlets about its charges, especially those made to small restaurants and hotels.
It is now third in the charge card market behind American Express and Mastercard Gold.
It has about 300,000 cards in circulation in the UK — a million less than American Express.
Both American Express and Diners Club have lost ground to Mastercard Gold, which increased its share of the market by about 38 per cent in 1990 (although from a small base) and now has 19 per cent of the cards in issue by volume, compared with American Express' 57 per cent and Diners Club's 13 per cent, says Market Assessment.
American Express is fighting back, it says, with strategic emphasis on its sales force, which will tell existing and potential service providers such as retailers, restaurants and hotels, how they can benefit from their association with the Amex card.
The new AB TGI for 1991 has revealed that the Sunday Express has an outstanding level of coverage of AB Adults with sizeable amounts of savings and investments.
For coverage of adults with savings between £25,000 — £150,000 the Sunday Express is one of the top three nationals.
In every case, the Sunday Express handsomely beats the Mail on Sunday for coverage of this important market.
Media Training leading to the development of media talent in the advertising industry remains a high priority for Express in 1992.
Apart from the now well established Media Mind competition (won this year by Leo Burnett Ltd), Express are running a monthly series of training days for media executives which are proving popular and successful — and will again be sponsoring the IPA Media Award designed to encourage excellence in media planning and buying.
Torin Douglas' excellent media analysis (MW April 3) of newspaper readership in Hampstead omits the Hampstead & Highgate Express.
D M Bonn Hampstead & Highgate Express London
The answer lies in the intense, if bizarrely expressed, religious convictions of its builder, Sir Thomas Tresham.
Their crowded funerals have been dignified by ceremony proper to their public status and success, but few personal tributes were more poignantly expressed than by the posies of primroses picked by children of the unemployed at the Docklands settlement where Mrs Melville Wills had worked to within a few days of her death at the age of 73 in 1936.
One student came into the Careers Service expressing an interest in social work — but in a whisper, in case any of her friends overheard.
I have often played host to married friends who bemoan their lack of privacy, or express their desire to be able to put themselves first, once in a while, instead of their partner, parent(s), children or grandchildren.
Priority between applications is partly based on frequency of paid training in past and partly on use made of attendances on return, e.g. wrote good report, organised something similar here which worked or has stimulated others to develop the ideas expressed there’.
Further motivation came from comments expressed at external training sessions that each Borough could afford to send only one or two people to courses costing £30 plus per person per day, and also from the need for specialised training for non-professional staff.
Though some newspapers like the Mail and the Express harped on the theme of ‘charity begins at home’, the general line was to stress the potential benefits of taking in such ‘lively, sturdily-built and intelligent’ children.
For Youth Allyah , Zionism came before all, an article of faith expressed with terrifying force by David Ben-Gurion, Jewish leader in Palestine when the flow of refugee children was at its height.
Recruited from the lower-middle or working class, the representative benefactor lived in a small house in a town or city, had no children or had children who were grown up, spoke not a word of German, knew nothing of Germany beyond the front-page news of the Express or Mirror , and did not begin to understand the trauma of being a young refugee.
But it was hard to express gratitude for what was bound to be seen as a harsh deprivation — the loss of natural family.
Mrs Coles expressed great regret when she parted with Mary, continued to provide her clothes and had her back to stay for the Christmas holidays.
The RCM expressed itself powerless to intercede.
Admittedly, the last one is a fake, but it took a lawsuit to convince the Daily Express that it wasn't true.
On behalf of the members of the Punch and Judy Fellowship and, indeed, Mr Punch himself, may I express our sincere condolences.
I've started reading your column in the Sunday Express but that won't satisfy my insatiable appetite for your peerless wit.
Anyway, as I have been given more recognition and opportunity to draw to my strengths under your editorship, I would like to express my appreciation and thanks for giving me a ‘go’.
Express your anger.
Nor does Anna Massey express any sensuality that could explain why even a bald, bulky vagrant would want to ravish a woman who looks like the world's oldest pixie.
Some of the other men were worrying, expressing doubts about the weather, wondering if the hunt should be postponed.
As a Black lawyer and pilot, I disagree with one of the points expressed in your response to Donald Rochdale's letter, April issue.
Such views to a very long way, especially when expressed in a credible magazine such as yours, in reinforcing subtle destructive prejudices against ethnic minorities in this country.
Dave Vernon, on the other hand, having owned ‘IL for a not inconsiderable time would, together with several thousand enthusiastic members of the worldwide Ercoupe Owners Club, express (I suspect quite forcibly!) diametrically opposed views.
Nicholas stood, expressing only what he felt, which was patience, and understanding, and a baseless, inbred, unnatural optimism.
Tonight when she tried to sleep there was a dog howling, and the dismal sound expressed everything Sarah was feeling.
His smiling lips almost curved into an invitation which his calling would not permit him to express.
He tried not to think of the shock his sister had expressed so strongly when he had told her of his intentions.
‘I don't think so,’ she said, but she expressed the truth so artfully it sounded almost as if there was a possibility.
She threw it down in disgust and took a drum which Corrie showed no inclination to use, thumping it furiously to express her feelings.
Being a historical review, I shall deal primarily with facts; however, on some occasions I shall be expressing opinions and I must make it clear from the beginning that these are my own personal opinions and do not necessarily reflect the views or policies of the MOD.
Famous writer and critic Marghanita Laski expressed her amazement at the strange treatment given to ‘such words as those till recently written as f-dash and c-dash’.
It soon became clear that somewhere in his furtive passage he had lost his way — that at least was the opinion expressed by the Bishop of Chester as he fended off Lord Charles's passionate advances.
This avoids any approach being viewed as parochial and makes clear that the views expressed have equal force throughout the EC.
Although both Treaty of Rome Articles are expressed in terms of prohibition of certain forms of conduct, they can often be utilised by businesses as positive tools in the development of a Community business strategy.
Businesses should not be misled into thinking that, because Articles 85 and 86 are expressed to apply where there is an effect on inter-state trade, the agreement or abusive conduct has to be concluded within the EC to fall within their scope of application.
In this connection, the Commission has also held that the reservation of express delivery services in Spain and the Netherlands to the state-owned post offices there was illegal.
The Report expresses the hope that the implementation of the Fourth Company Law Directive on accounts [see page 39]will eventually make this task easier.
Quite apart from these specific proposals, the Commission has expressed the view that the development of the single market will in itself create an environment more favourable to takeovers.
It has expressed the view that the increased sophistication of stockmarket capitalisation throughout the Community will lead to growth in takeover activity and that the liberalisation of capital movements throughout the EC will further encourage the inter-action of national capital markets, thus giving companies easier access to finance for takeover activities.
Kelly expressed surprise.
A testing ground with other women in which the moments of assertion were not always secure, in which women attacked and were attacked, in which in an inverted way we both used the consciousness-raising groups to assert a new independence, a new self-determination, and at the same time to express the unarticulated tensions we felt in the other areas of our lives.
Yes, I would,’ I said and gave them my American Express card with alacrity.
There were racetrack express buses, I found, going from the city to the Downs, so I went on one at about six o'clock and strolled around at ground level looking for some way of conveying to Bill Baudelaire the water samples which were now individually wrapped inside the nondescript plastic carrier.
My husband expressed horror at the prospect of a similar incident occurring today.
National Express operate regular daily services from Victoria Coach Station.
Frequent trains run from London Victoria and Charing Cross, and National Express operate regular daily coach services from Victoria.
‘No, let the young man express his feelings,’ Mr Chan insisted.
The opinions expressed on this page do not necessarily represent those of Uniview.
The reporter from the Sussex Express , who described the novel scene, was impressed — and surprised.
So that one bargain could be fairly compared with another, the cost of borrowing — the interest charged — should in all cases and by all lenders be expressed in terms of an Annual Percentage Rate (APR), not solely in weekly or monthly interest.
A mere £1,250.00, fully inclusive, will secure your Pullman seat on the glamorous Orient Express for the journey of a lifetime.
It's to one of the greatest of Champagne Houses that guests on board the Orient Express will be escorted on Sunday morning.
In truth no expense will be spared to royally entertain the guests on board the Champagne Orient Express.
For details of the Champagne Express telephone or write to:
The Orient Express experience
Many years and many visits later I was invited by Tim Littler to become the official wheel tapper for his exotic Orient Express voyages to Champagne being launched in August this year.
Washed down with a bottle of Riesling Schonenbourg — Tim's choice from the Orient Express menu.
Our cask-conditioned party could all agree on one thing, we'd love to be on board the Champagne Express when it sets fullsteam-ahead for Reims this August.
The dean in his address expressed his pleasure in installing the new mayor, especially as he had been asked to serve as his chaplain during the mayor's year of office.
I was constantly hearing that people were reacting to all this technology, expressing a wish to go back to basics with a simple bow, a look at the wind, an arrow loosed into the heavens and a hope that with luck it might hit the target.
This was the view expressed by Anne Smith about Bellerby Feast which, like so many other traditions, was tottering on the very brink of extinction in 1985 when it was pulled back and had new life breathed into it.
This force may be expressed in a person, ‘old man’, ‘old woman’ or other names being given to the mythical figure supposedly dwelling in the last sheaf of wheat.
Jess was startled, not by the idea, but by the way it was expressed.
Round the table the faces expressed dismay, disbelief, doubt.
She wanted to leap about,do something to express how she felt, sharing his delight.
Slow train to fast, local to express.
He had a curious feeling of release; other people had taken portions of his grief upon themselves, and they were expressing it on his behalf.
Next month, some famous demo-dudes express their personal views on the scene.
On Sunday trading, again they all in various ways expressed a wish for freedom to prevail, with adequate protection for the workforce.
And doubts were expressed as to its value given the conceded fact that only a small dent was likely to be made in the pigeon population.
Local people have expressed fears about the speed motorists travel through the village.
Beginning with monochrome slides, Mr. Powell expressed his pleasure at being asked to judge this type of work which is now very rare in photographic circles.
‘Technology can help people who are non-musicians to express themselves, but it annoys me when these people say it's more valid than the musicians who can actually play their instruments.’
After 18 months in office, the rector, the Rev. Dick Woodger, expressed his thanks for the help he and his wife had received during the move into the new rectory and at the recent birth of their latest daughter.
THE Horndean Meals on Wheels has been run magnificently by Jean Pinsent for the last seven years — and in expressing their appreciation, Petersfield WRVS tell us that she is retiring.
CONCERN was expressed at a recent meeting of the Four Marks Recreation Centre that some dog owners are allowing their pets to foul the football pitch.
He is a keen gardener, and expressed great pleasure at the choice of present.
During the year the largest project had been the re-decoration of the Phair Hall, costing £3,766, but Mrs. Roadnight expressed appreciation of Alistair Harley for all the general maintenance jobs he undertakes at the centre.
Sarah was officially crowned by Keith Brundish, junior vice-president of Alresford Rotary, who expressed appreciation at being able to hold the competition at the dance.
President Marjorie Clarke expressed pleasure at seeing Kay Hampton back after her recent illness and she reported on the good progress being made by Sue Rankin and Miss Elliott who had also been ill.
Your body has expressed its need through this fixation on the nearest man.
Most people need to talk about their grief, to express it with others and have some kind of ceremony to show what an important life change it brings about.
Expressing your feelings should help you start to recover.
Why don't we go to Venice on the Orient Express?
The Orient Express is a lovely idea but, couldn't we do it some other time?
She tripped on the platform and fell right under the express train.’
Lloyds Bank and American Express both offer a family legal expenses plan designed to suit their customers' needs.
The influence of the Full Moon on Thursday makes you feel irritable — expressing this by losing your temper could well clear the air, and boost your morale.
Talking about your worries to someone not directly involved will help you to express your feelings and come to terms with your previous experiences.
The pale eyes goggled, and the Adam's apple repeated its imitation of an express lift.
Absolutely sure that he didn't express any intention of visiting you later in the evening?’
It was puzzling: neither of them expressed any desire actually to see their origins again.
Eva liked to sprinkle the house with about five papers and three magazines a day, skimming over Vogue and the New Statesman and the Daily Express before dumping the lot into the wastepaper basket beside the bed.
It didn't take much to persuade her to come and nothing would have prevented me from seeing precisely what it was that had turned my schoolfriend into what the Daily Express called ‘a phenomena’.
Eva's son was continually being chased by national papers, magazines and semioticians for quotes about the new nihilism, the new hopelessness and the new music which expressed it.
The impacts of traffic on street life were described as ‘subtle, complex and, in many instances, very destructive’ by Donald Appleyard in his pioneering work in the 1970s Pushkarev and Zupan agree, though they perhaps express their view with more poetic licence:
However, some of the streets are long (up to 1.5 km) so that some motorists have expressed frustration at having to drive behind a cycle at cycle speed for some distance.
The themes used express the beliefs of the Church in a language accessible to children and teachers.
I was free to express my own thoughts and feelings — it hurt sometimes.
Colleges serve as a integrating force for these purposes to the rest of the sector and also express the Roman Catholic Church's commitment to a presence in Higher Education.
Sr. Mary Sloan expressed her gratitude to the committee for their continued support for the work of the hospice.
She reflected on the reasons why people in modern society have difficulty in expressing and ritualizing grief and responding to loss and bereavement experienced by others.
Thanks were expressed by the chairman, Canon O'Mahoney, to Sister Susan for her presentation and to Sister Madeleine for leading the music and to Fr.
So on my behalf and of many others, may I offer sincere congratulations to the Diocesan Vestment Guild and express also true thanks and appreciation.
Thanks were expressed to the Diocesan Liturgy Commission who arranged the day.
We are indeed indebted to him for his loyalty to the Guild — today marks the end of two eras — 100 years for the Guild and the end of the Diocesan Episcopate of Bishop Harris — it only remains for me to express on your behalf our very best wishes to his Lordship for a very happy, healthy and long retirement.
The largest slice of our cash comes from the ‘Charity Shop’ and so we wish to express our thanks to all those involved with it — those who give goods to sell — those who staff it — those why buy and keep on coming back for more.
The first reading, formed from passages in the Old Testament,focused on a theme found in a passage from the Gospels that was expressed in the third reading.
The Community of Madonna House expressed their willingness to go out to parishes and help with prayer or study groups if requested.
The parish expressed their appreciation to the National Trust for the use of the Coniston Hall and also to all those who made the occasion such a happy family affair.
Bishop Brewer expressed the feelings of all present with a ‘one-liner’ worthy of Bill Clinton: ‘Marvellous, let's do it again!’
Here I Am, expresses something of the living relationship between God and ourselves.
People are also being asked to make their voices heard expressing concern over the possible cut to aid to the third world.
I have been extremely interested in the youth of Shropshire for many years and I try to express this by such activities as being a confirmation catechist, working with young adults with physical and mental disabilities and also attending a week's work experience at Dehon House.
Expresses love for the lost
This was expressed by George Carey, now Archbishop of Canterbury.
They express in church growth terms much of what has been discovered above:
After some time Jean advised me in the words above to go out and be alone with God and express my renewed affection for him.
I went and sat in a field and experienced that great bubbling up of love for the Father and for Jesus which I expressed alternately in English and in this new language which I did not understand but which I knew was to be addressed to God and which built me up as I used it.
The result has been a hunger to worship God and express love and affection in song and words.
Before this experience, several barriers to worship were present that prevented me from entering fully into the presence of the Father and into the inheritance that Paul expresses so movingly in Ephesians 1.
The goal of expressing praise is to meet with God, in whose presence there is healing and truth and life in all its fullness.
‘Lord you are so precious to me….’ are appropriate here, with lines that express this intimacy.
Some say that worship means the giving of our lives to Christ, presenting our bodies as a living sacrifice to God which is our spiritual worship (Romans 12:1), and that expressing praise is relatively unimportant.
When we express our love for someone, if we are sincere, the relationship deepens.
By contrast, if we do not express and verbalise it, something is lost.
In the end, her uncertainty grew to such a pitch that she expressed it.
Because love deepens when it is expressed.
If we never express personally and intimately our love for Christ, this intimate relationship side of our inheritance in Christ will remain stunted.
What is appropriate is first to desire to love your local church; second, get alone with God and see what he wants to say to the church; third, to begin to express this in your housegroup: ‘I feel what God is saying is….’
This he expresses forcefully to Timothy when he says, in 1 Timothy 4:13,
Again, love and trust deepens and grows when it is expressed.
A vital means to expressing and achieving mutual support in the fight for the kingdom is the small group.
It may be that initially it is difficult for people to express their hopes and goals and their fears and needs in their Christian life, and we don't mind if it takes time.
The leader must make space for these to be expressed.
I thank God for David's gift for expressing so clearly what is evidently on the Father's heart for us.
Relative peace ensued in Champagne in the years which followed, although it was not until the coronation of Louis XI in 1461 that the French nobility were able to express their new solidarity.
Fears soon began to be expressed that wines from the Midi too would again find their way back into Champagne cellars.
In the following village by village assessment of the famous grands and premiers crus of Champagne, I express my opinion on the merits and demerits of the major vineyards within each commune.
As the maximum extraction of grape juice or must was also set  at one litre of juice per one and a half kilograms of grapes, this production limit could also be expressed as 7,500 kilograms per hectare.
I'd heard most of the words that ‘Jaz’ used to express his feelings at his misfortune; the Head's wife hadn't, apparently, since ‘Jaz’was immediately dragged off to the Head's office to ‘explain himself’.
There is no express disqualification from voting in the case of mental patients other than the general reference to ‘any legal incapacity to vote’ in s.1(l) (b)(i) of the 1983 Act but it is generally considered that any person who, at the moment of voting, lacked capacity to understand what he was immediately about to do, whether by reason of mental illness or drunkenness, etc., could be denied the right to vote by the presiding officer at the poll.
One of the great issues in the revolutionary struggle of the seventeenth century (and in a sense it had gone on ever since and, indeed, even before Magna Carta in 1215), culminating in the Bill of Rights 1689, was as to the liability of the subject to be taxed by the Crown without his consent as expressed by his representatives in Parliament and it was an issue resolved against the Crown and in favour of the subject.
There is, however, no express withholding of the Parliament Act procedure from a Bill to abolish the House of Lords entirely.
Opposition would certainly find other means of expressing itself.
Further evidence, calculated to show that in so expressing its will, the House was duped, mistaken or careless, would run the risk of falling foul of privilege and would therefore have to be eschewed.
Should it be desired to alter this state of affairs, there would be many who would assert that the change could not be made without the consent of the part of the United Kingdom affected, however it were to be expressed.
In relation to Northern Ireland, successive British Governments and Parliaments have repeatedly affirmed the union, stipulating the consent first of the Parliament of Northern Ireland (Ireland Act 1949, s.1(2), now repealed), now of the people of Northern Ireland expressed in a referendum (Northern Ireland Act 1973, s.1).
Eminent authorities both in the United Kingdom and in the Commonwealth have expressed different views as to the impact of this provision upon traditional notions of the sovereignty of the imperial Parliament.
The position nevertheless remains that the possibility exists of parliamentary legislation inconsistent with the 1972 Act being preferred by an English court under the doctrine of implied repeal and, even if this possibility were removed, there would always remain the possibility of an express repeal, for notwithstanding this impressive accumulation of law and practice there is no shortage of political figures who insist that the sovereignty of the Parliament of the United Kingdom stands unimpaired, and plenty who are pledged to use that power to extract the United Kingdom from the coils of Europe in which they see it as enmeshed.
Since then, however, monarchs have confined themselves almost exclusively to expressing views and preferences of which a Prime Minister might care to take note.
Express Services say that the device — a speaker which is sensitive to sound and movement — is ideal for those people who want the deterrent of a loud bark, but do not have the time or space for a real guard dog.
Not only does a Christian believe; he is a person who ‘thinks in believing and believes in thinking’, as Augustine expressed it.
This word can convey several meanings but one of them expresses an inner state of mind so torn between various options that it cannot make up its mind.
It expresses what we mean when we say that we have our reservations or vacillate about something.
These questions express the second misconception concerning doubt — the idea that doubt is a problem for faith but not for knowledge.
This has never been better expressed, perhaps, than in the famous lines of Tennyson's In Memoriam :
That is, we continue to work with God, or maybe even without him, but the thought of self-sufficiency is not expressed so boldly: Finally, we reach a stage at which, whatever our external life is saying, our internal attitude is one of complete autonomy and arrogant self-sufficiency, though this may not be evident, especially to ourselves.
The transformation is made up of spiritual, intellectual and emotional elements which grow together into an autonomous state of mind: Sooner or later this attitude of autonomy expresses itself in doubt.
In fact, sometimes it is only when doubts are expressed that we have the first clue that things are no longer the same.
Doubts of this kind can be expressed in many ways, but they are usually notable for one important feature — their lack of urgency.
Or, as Nehemiah vividly expressed it, ‘They ate and were satisfied and grew fat and found delight in thy great goodness.
Ten lepers were healed by Jesus; only one returned to express his thanks.
It may express itself extremely vocally and raise a wide range of objections to the truth, but these are not genuine doubts.
The way this kind of doubt is expressed is only a symptom of the deeper problem of premises, and there is no final remedy unless the root cause is dealt with.
But God confronted her about that laugh — not because she laughed in God's presence but because her laughter expressed a limiting view of God which was a denial of his power and an incitement to doubt.
His appeal could be expressed, ‘I know you could if you would, but you probably won't.’
Part of the Christian's responsibility is to understand and be able to express what and why he believes or, as the apostle Peter expressed it, ‘Be always ready with your defence whenever you are called to account for the hope that is in you.’
The mutual relationship between presuppositions and evidences could be expressed like this.
He may even refuse to search for any answer at all, though expressing the deepest need for one.
She had no quarrel with Christianity or the church, and she expressed no particular doubts except that Christian things generally were rather unreal to her.
thing through in this way and are ready to speak of being convinced of it is to see whether we can express it.
A good argument can usually be expressed in a sentence or two.
This is often the result of lack of ability or opportunity to express their sorrow, or avoidance of the realisation of their loss.
One reason for this is that many people have a fear which they cannot conceal of anything or anybody who reminds them of death; knowing that  contact with a grieving widow will exacerbate these fears they tend, after expressing their sympathy by word or letter, and sending flowers to the funeral, to withdraw to a safe distance ‘to give her time to get over it’ just when she needs them most.
If she has always been an outgoing person, her grief will probably be expressed in painful episodes of weeping, punctuated  by the need to ‘talk it all out’ over and over again in great detail to you and to other sympathetic relatives and friends, and you will help her a great deal if you are a patient listener.
Friends may refrain from expressing any sympathy because they feel that it might be inappropriate and embarrassing for her, and she may be feeling that people will regard her as a hypocrite if she gives way and weeps, although she may need to do this for a variety of reasons, one of them being not so much for what she has lost, but for what she never had.
You may need to allow her to feel very free to express mixed feelings of grief and anger too within the safety of your confidential relationship.
One of the big problems the widower does have is that he does not feel so free to express his grief to others by weeping when he talks of his wife, their life together and the events that led up to her death.
But when it actually occurs, whether her reaction is one of numbness and shock, or of anguish more openly expressed through episodes of weeping and talking freely about her feelings, you will need to brace yourself to catch her as she falls into what will seem to her to be the bottomless pit of her sorrow.
A gradual reversal of the parent/child roles may have to be adjusted to, as the elderly parent moves further on into old age  and becomes more dependent in every way, and sometimes the inner fears and insecurities of an old person express themselves in jealousy, possessiveness and resentment of the daughter's contacts with other family members or friends, which can create many embarrassing situations, and the need for small deceptions to keep the peace.
If you find it difficult to understand some of the feelings she expresses, you have to realise that she has reached a stage in life's journey of which, as yet, you know nothing at all , and until you stand where she is standing now you are in no position to pass any judgement on her attitudes.
But his career, especially after 1925, when the weak and ailing Sir Graeme Thomson succeeded Hugh Clifford in the governorship, also classically expressed the Residential impulse towards autonomy.
It will be argued in this chapter that their prideful belief in the capacity to influence, so vividly expressed and so evidently vindicated in Indirect Rule, led the British on to fatal experiment in more and more attenuated forms of imperial control.
The passions aroused in civil disobedience usually expressed themselves before they were spent in acts of more conventional rebellion.
Gandhi never fully appreciated how deep, widespread and determined was British resistance to his message of repentance and renunciation, and in what subtle ways this resistance might express itself.
In the following example, the code and unit locations are the same as those above but expressed in decimal.
DURING a conversation about car theft and security devices, a colleague recently expressed the opinion that a simple flashing light, such as a light emitting diode, placed inside the car would be sufficient to deter many opportunist thieves.
As these allocations fell short of what had been proposed, the USA filed a ‘reservation’, expressing the view that the conference had failed to make adequate provision for the h.f. needs of the broadcasting service, particularly below 10MHz and reserving the right of the US ‘to take the necessary steps to meet the h.f. needs of its broadcasting service.’
A parish newsletter, detailing events taking place in the community, other items of interest and a vehicle for expressing points of view, is written, edited and distributed by a group of volunteers to over 400 homes each month.
Last month we expressed concern that the Ginger Foods imported by Atlantis from the USA might not be as fresh as they should be, coming in screw top jars with no other seal.
Stephen opened his mouth to express his thanks but before he could get a word out, Jonadab spoke again.
After a little more conversation, mainly expressing amazement at the splendour of Tamar's circumstances, they urged their horses to a brisk pace and had no further chance to speak.
When told of the forthcoming marriage between Lydia and Tobias, Jonadab expressed his amazement.
Only her head was free to move by now and this she was tossing from side to side, her eyes rolling in  panic, while her fear was further expressed in snorts and whimpers.
In the privacy of their bedroom that night, Sarah expressed her dismay to her mother.
We know that angular momentum can be expressed as the combined product of a rotating body's mass, velocity and radius, generally denoted as: where L is the angular momentum, m is mass, v is velocity and r is radius.
We know that birds are warm-blooded: in fact they are fully tachymetabolic, as expressed in the resting rate of oxygen consumption per unit of weight and time.
What these descriptions present us with is the concept of an impersonal Absolute or Ultimate and this is exactly what Gandhi wishes to convey for he has no hesitation in expressing a preference for the idea of God as formless Truth.
Gandhi moves from impersonal to personal descriptions of God without difficulty and while he expresses preference for an impersonal God he is not averse to describing God in personal terms.
Some clearly feel the need for the Ultimate to be expressed in symbolic, personalized form, and image worship can be regarded as part of the desire of human nature for symbols.
Tillich holds that symbols in themselves cannot be equated with the Ultimate nor can they be regarded as fully expressing the Ultimate.
To maintain that the Ultimate can be fully expressed in finite particulars can only result in what Tillich calls the demonization of the Holy.
True he expresses a preference for the impersonal concept of Truth (Satya), which etymologically is a derivative of Being (Sat), in contemplating the Ultimate, but this does not preclude other more personal concepts of God.
Particular religions are true  in so far as they succeed in expressing the primordial form of religion which in turn is comprehended only in the depths of particular religions.
It is possible that when Gandhi speaks of Religion, what he may be referring to is not an ‘essence’ or a ‘primordial element’or a transcendental unity', but the faith of men which expresses itself  in a variety of different forms.
It is the latter's contention that Ultimate Concern, the holy or unconditional, expresses itself in a variety of forms: in painting, which may have no religious content in the traditional sense; in philosophy, when attempts are made to understand the nature of ultimate reality; in ideologies which might normally be regarded as secular, such as, nationalism, socialism and humanism; and in traditional religions.
When Ultimate Concern expresses itself in particular religions, and adherents of those religions regard them as embodiments of the Ultimate then, in Tillich's view, the particular  has been elevated to the status of ultimacy.
Differences in terminology do not disguise-the similarity of views expressed by Tillich and Gandhi on the question of the status of particular religions.
He expresses his view almost poetically: ‘A rose does not need to preach.
Similar views concerning conversion are expressed by Simone Weil who maintains that much missionary activity is both mistaken and dangerous.
He expresses his fervent belief in ahi  sā when he says:.
But, according to Haksar, what has also to be taken into consideration is the risk of violence that might result from not allowing people to express their feeling and here civil disobedience might be regarded as a safety valve.
The principle of identity is even more vividly expressed in his poem ‘Nutting’.
If we were to express the interrelation of identity and participation in classical Hindu terminology we might say that while knowledge, jñāna, leads to action, karma, it is equally true that action leads to knowledge.
The second and third points were taken up by him and expressed in different ways in his pronouncements on political and economic issues.
Can it be, that when Gandhi refers to morality without religion as being similar to a house built on sand he is simply expressing in a different way his belief in the convertibility of these terms rather than suggesting that morality has to be related to a particular religion?
As ever, the amp is fan-cooled; with the 3500 head I had expressed reservations about not being able to switch the fan off for recording, but John Henry's insisted that it really wouldn't pose a problem in either DI'd or close-miking situations.
PEAVEY Express 1X12″ 65 watt combo, reverb, distortion, 5 months old, £180.
PEAVEY Express 112 60 watt guitar combo, footswitch etc, £175.
We're more into pumping tunes that express some sort of emotion and intensity.
Having openly expressed his dissatisfaction for the present lacklustre state of guitar music, doesn't Alex seem suprised that young people still look towards the guitar for their musical kicks?
And the chords don't express that either.
Having said that, I've always known that if I want to express myself I have to have a large vocabulary on the guitar.
I did one record with Carl Perkins in ‘75, ‘EP Express’, and overdubbed a couple of things for Billy Swann.
I have written to the company expressing my feeling over this matter, but have heard no reply.
Expressing his absolute contempt of bands who rely on ambient, effect-heavy swirling guitar sounds, Bernard insists his own playing will never take a back seat musically.
It wasn't that the song had a particular relevance — it wasn't about AIDS — but it was a song that I felt was the best way of expressing myself and also the best thing I had to offer at the time.
‘No, I love music and that's my way to express myself right now.
Whatever creative facet or business you're in, you have to express yourself.
I feel now that I can express myself better than I ever could in the last fifteen years; I've even gotten into the Mississippi Delta style, fingerpicking blues.
When he discovered Blur were on the same label as Jesus Jones — with whom he shares the same management — Stephen ‘put a word through’ expressing his admiration.
I find Buck's Fizz depressing…or any music that expresses no humanity.
It is the use of this ‘apparatus’ which enables people to express themselves in speech and which gives speech its quality and pattern.
The speaker may need to be physically closer, to use the reassuring sense of touch, to remember that the whole face and expression help to convey meaning, to express one thought at a time unhurriedly, at the  pace suitable to the old person.
How people express themselves in words
It is about something even more important: the way in which people express their thoughts.
You will see people not only stating facts, asking questions and giving information but airing opinions, expressing their feelings, sharing their experiences, thinking aloud.
People talk for all sorts of reasons — to express emotions, to ‘let off steam’, to impress other people, to be the life and soul of the party to instruct and inform.
If people express their thoughts intermingled with plentiful ‘ums’ and ‘ers’, you have probably grasped their meaning anyway before they complete the sentence.
The same thought is expressed differently in different circumstances.
Think of the very different way in which people express themselves in a bedtime story, a lecture, in giving directions, making announcements, making an after-dinner speech.
Can they tell you, when they use it, what it expresses for them?
We have all met the person who expresses himself or herself indirectly —‘Well, of course I would, but it's George — you know how it is…
When the controller of a space rocket said recently that the team were going to decide what to do next, he expressed the thought as, ‘We will evaluate the situation in order to make a determination.’
Many ways of expressing the same thought
Not if I dare say so, if it is an opinion expressed by an onlooker who has not experienced either hearing loss or the unhelpful reactions of the unenlightened.
Should you get your luggage down as the express hurls itself through Lower Poppleton?)
The driver is sitting forward, biting his lip and frowning, revving the engine, shifting, drumming his fingers; impatience and annoyance are being expressed through every pore of his being.
You may meet those who are themselves unhappy, bitter, cynical, twisted and limited, who are likely to express these feelings in a destructive way, particularly in their attitudes towards others.
Choose the practice passage for the way the thought is expressed; say it aloud, thinking of the rhythm, feeling and emotional impact.
What anguish they express!
Because you are alert to that possibility, you will already be expressing your thoughts in a direct way.
Still saying 12345, make it sound like a question — an invitation — a refusal; say it to express anger — sorrow — joy — simply by changing tone and inflection of the voice.
However, erotic symbols and fantasies are socially constructed and alterable, and by examining how conscious we are of how and why we suppress or express desire, we will be able to establish how fixed our impulses and fantasies are.
Their outreach programme went beyond this and held meetings in gay clubs where scores of gay men, including working-class gay men, were able to hear about the council's Equal Opportunities policies on their own ground, and to express their viewpoint about their experiences of service provision by the council.
Lesbians and gays are expressing themselves differently from the way they were before the Clause, but they are still saying as openly and as proudly as ever that they want the boundaries changed.
If, however, human beings are born with the capacity to be sexual — with a sexuality — but the manner in which that sexuality is expressed is socially constructed, then ‘promotion’ is possible.
This was also ignored, so I wrote to Marmaduke Hussey and Sue Lawley, who had been inviting us, the viewers, to express our views about TV.
This has combined with a poor record on coalition building and activist management, a public perception of lesbian and gay politics as party political and a preserve of the Left, and a high level of internalised oppression expressed as apathy.
The political activity around Clause 28 was one of the few occasions when lesbians and gay men have worked together and successfully expressed their anger.
who believed that ‘human sexuality in all its richness is a gift of God gladly to be accepted, enjoyed and honoured, as a way of both expressing and growing in love, in accordance with the life and teaching of Jesus Christ.’
He told of theological colleges where men were at risk of sexual advances, and expressed his scepticism about ‘so-called’ faithful and committed relationships between homosexuals.
Inevitably, the Church of England will sooner or later announce officially that it is acceptable to express love and commitment to another woman or another man in a sexual relationship.
The fact that London gay bar owners and police officials are now cooperating on how to protect clients expresses the extent of this.
There was fear that their indifference to the play might be expressed as ‘Eh!
Absent from the screenplay was an exchange between Benjamin and his father in which the former expresses his desire to live among ‘ordinary people who don't have big houses.
Perhaps, when people have expressed negative views of Dustin's behaviour and personality, we can charitably assume that his Döppelgänger , Harvey Pepper, has been at work again.
UA officials had a conference at which doubts were expressed about the possibility of the film's being able to recoup its investment if the budget was extended.
There had already been examples in the fifties, notably Delmer Daves's Broken Arrow , Robert Aldrich's Apache and Sam Fuller's Run of the Arrow , but it began a new trend in which the Western was appropriated by directors in order to express their liberal views.
Despite the mixed response from critics, Dustin felt pride in his achievement and confidence in the film itself, so he expressed his anger when Little Big Man was not nominated for any Oscars.
' When the time comes, Dustin has expressed his desire to depart in the style of the actor David Burns, who suffered a fatal heart attack in the middle of a performance.
We're going to survive by being violent' — he expressed it with passionate intensity.
The right hemisphere functions, therefore, tend to be expressed in terms of symbols and concepts rather than verbally, which explains why such concepts can be very difficult to express in words.
This volume described his experiences with the similia principle and expressed his ideas about disease and its treatment.
The ideas expressed may well be wide of the mark, or they may not be, but this does not really matter since the purpose of hypotheses is to stimulate more ideas, and the research to either confirm or refute them.
While every effort has been made to express the ideas in everyday language, it has been impossible to dispense with some scientific terms.
not afraid to express his feelings
Having observed his or her own former situation by means of regression, the patent will then during the course of a counselling session have the opportunity to discuss what happened (something that may never have been done before), to express anger at the perpetrator and possibly at others who may have guessed what was going on but perhaps did nothing to prevent it, and to understand that he or she was in no way to blame for what occurred.
When the regression was over, Sylvia expressed amazement at what had been revealed.
It is patently obvious how a fear which is openly expressed can be passed on.
Jung expressed the view that, although recall does in fact exist, what is happening when regression to a previous life appears to be taking place is that the subject is simply tapping into some vast communal memory bank, and it is from this source that he obtains his information.
I accept that this is quite a basic and simplistic way of expressing what has to be a deep and complex theory, but the story of Martin may provide more clues.
Noise If the kitchen doubles as a family living space, is near the living room or bedrooms, or if you plan to run the machine on Economy 7 during the night, it is worth finding out the decibel rating of the machine — expressed as dB (A)— before buying.
After such a lousy start in life, and not a penny of the Alderton millions, people often expressed amazement that he was so unchippy.
They should wear gloves and soft shoes, avoid physical contact and use whistles to express their fervour.
The first M constraints express the fact that each individual undertakes exactly one task and the second M constraints say that each task should be undertaken by one individual.
Expressed verbally, we must choose a variable with a I above it in the same column.
Thus the efficient solutions of P2 can be expressed as   and .
They were expressing the part of me that saw metaphysics as some weird science-fiction fantasy!
Write down seven words which sum up honestly how your life feels at the moment , the qualities which your life expresses.
How might your life be different if you expressed these seven qualities?
‘I want to express my anger more openly.’
On the other hand, putting ourselves down — feeling ‘less than’— is just another way of expressing the Ego.
They express their anger by destroying their own lives and thereby hurting others, while seeming to be wide-eyed and innocent.
Children of well-developed martyrs learn that it is wrong to enjoy life, wrong to fulfil your own needs, wrong to express anger directly and that ‘love’ means self-sacrifice.
Is it your only way of expressing anger?
(Express your feelings at the time,then accept that you created that reality.)
How does ‘the clutterbug’ express itself in your life?
We must choose which aspects of ourself to express to the world.
We treat criminals in a disrespectful and often dehumanising way so that they will continue to express our Shadow.
Which emotions do you rarely or never express?
Finally, move into the place it occupied, and try to breathe in and ‘own’ the qualities it represented — even though you might never choose to express them.
Messages about emotional patterns are often expressed through the physical body.
Suppressed love might be expressed as heart disease.
Oh, they might smile serenely, and perhaps express compassion, but they never get angry, or excited, or tearful, or passionate.
Do you express them openly and honestly — at least to yourself?
Anger can be a liberating form of self-assertion, and a powerful motivator for change, when expressed in a constructive and appropriate way.
He was fascinated — and frightened — by Marianne's ability to express her feelings so openly.
In group therapy, I suggested that Matthew might re-play the final scene from his marriage,as if he were someone who expressed anger openly.
But we cannot skip to this stage until our anger has been expressed.
Feelings simply are , and they must be expressed and released in some appropriate way.
Or by pummelling a pillow or cushion to express your rage.
Or, if anger is still spoiling your relationship with someone, then consider expressing your feelings directly to them, even if the incident occurred some years ago.
Then look out for your next opportunity to express anger in a constructive way.
It is expressing and releasing the emotions that heals.
If someone hurts us, then we need to express and release our hurt, anger and sadness.
Our resentment does not need to be understandable or ‘rational’; it simply needs to be expressed and released.
Once I expressed regret that Vesey should be marked for death, and she said it was ‘the kindest thing’.
They did not express or reveal but played with her own experience, or she wove fancies from tiny fragments of fact — at least this I sometimes thought I recognized.
The ‘germ’ of this story, I think, is the idea (I do not know who first expressed it) that couples of servants who apply for situations as man and wife have often met for the first time in the registry office.
We were given to understand that the A.S.R. boats did not put out on the express orders of the A.O.C. that they would be too vulnerable to air attack.
The pilots were not sorry to go; Doug Whitney entered in his logbook of the flight out: ‘The finest sight of Malta I've seen…’ which, he adds, no doubt expressed his feelings at the time.
The problem was finally solved by fixing a wire to my ankle and running it under the rock to an aqualunged diver, who on a signal from Stuart would tug on the wire and pull me down with the speed of an express lift, and would let go when my face turned blue.
‘We have just returned from Zakopane and we would like to express our delight in all aspects of the holiday.
People experience the performance and relate to the emotions that are being expressed and they go away feeling better.’
If punk means expressing yourselves vehemently, strongly, pink hair, expression, then I'm a punk!
Billy: ‘For the first LP (Gish ), I was really trying to express more…like a feeling and not so much something specific.
On the LP we're writing right now, I'm definitely trying to express something more specific.
It's so hard to express how being jilted by a lover or something makes you feel without sounding…you write best when you have a certain objectivity…when your writing is both the passenger and the driver.’
Sister Souljah expresses opinions that jar.
It is an exclusion from fundamental rights of citizenship — to walk the streets without harassment, to secure a job without discrimination, to express a cultural identity without stigma, to have a share in the exercise of political power.
Another in Hampshire said: ‘Wardens phone to say residents aren't capable of expressing a choice.’
The Alastair Burnet most of us recall was a former Daily Express editor with overt links to Margaret Thatcher who was somehow allowed to retain a unique double role as journalist and executive in the monopoly ITV and C4 news operation.
But, no matter how much Steven made his camera swoop and glide and giddy-up around the sets, he couldn't stop them from looking like boring old panto scenery, especially since the galleon never put out to sea (which would have been too mega-expensive), and the Lost Boys' camp was crammed full of Starlight Express -style skate-boarding tracks.
It is no consolation in defeat to reflect upon the correctness of NSS 's psephological analyses over many years, expressed most recently in our view that this election would be decided on a small number of votes in a handful of crucial decider seats.
The Express , by contrast, detects unsheathed Conservative blades: ‘Tory knives were out for the BBC…the Prime Minister is said to have told friends: ‘my views on the BBC's coverage are not printable.’
13 April At last, some magnanimity in victory: the Express publishes a eulogy to Kinnock, written by Fiona Millar, ‘a personal friend of the Kinnocks’.
The Express has the original headline: ‘Knives out in war of succession’.
The argument, expressed in various ways by these three doughty politicians, is that when Labour's morning press conference raised the constitutional issues, especially PR, and appeared to hold out an olive branch to Liberal Democrat voters, the Labour message became blurred.
Although Gould is a member of the Plant Commission on electoral reform, he refused, like John Smith, to express a personal view on the subject.
Others are less so: like Eve Pollard, editor of the Sunday Express , Lord Harris and Patrick Robertson of the Bruges Group, Julian Amery, Barbara Amiel, who single-handedly keeps Sean French's word-processor dipped in arsenic, the Duke of Marlborough and John Profumo with his wife.
Foley interviewed an IRA spokesperson after the killing of eight workmen at Teebane Cross in January — unlike Mr Adams, he expressed no regret.
Most burghers who voted for the right did so to express uncertainty and fear about the looming costs of unification.
We write to express astonishment at the standard of writing that has featured in much of your pre-election coverage.
As long as architecture does not express a theme prosaically or literally, then it can have a multi-dimensional and enduring value.
Each episode of Sean's Show (Wednesdays at 10.30pm, Channel 4) contains enough ideas to sustain an inferior sitcom through an entire series, and at its best the writing achieves an admirable marriage between poignant experience and a cartoon concept for expressing it humorously.
Bernard Ingham in the Express tips Tony Blair for the Labour leadership.
The Express reports: ‘Labour's battle for power erupted into open civil war yesterday…the party's fragile unity began to crumble…’
Mori figures suggest that, until the middle of the campaign, readers saw the Telegraph , the Times , the Mirror and even the Express as less biased in 1992 than in 1987.
But that all changed in the final week with the Sun 's nine-page ‘Nightmare on Kinnock Street’, the Mail 's front page ‘WARNING’ of higher mortgage rates, and similar attacks in the Express .
(On Mori figures, the swing was relatively low among Express and Mail readers, but this may be due to sampling variability.
For example, the Sunday Express of 20 October 1991 headlined its front-page lead article: ‘SCANDAL OF THE BOGUS REFUGEES — 80% cheat their way into Britain and the good life’.
‘BAKER'S MIGRANT FLOOD WARNING —‘Labour set to open doors'’, was how the front page of the Daily Express of 7 April reported his speech.
If there is any standard criterion today of what constitutes a nation with a claim to self-determination, meaning to setting up an independent territorial nation-state, it is ethnic-linguistic, since language is taken, wherever possible, to express and symbolise ethnicity.
Ethnicity, whatever its basis, is a readily definable way of expressing a real sense of group identity which links the members of ‘we’ because it emphasises their differences from ‘them’.
After expressing doubts to a friend about his moral fitness for the priesthood (‘having had unspecified sexual relations with an unspecified number of unmarried girls’), both decided that he was ‘properly penitent’, and so he went ahead.
‘One is frequently hit by birds,’ mused Douglas Sutherland, author of The Good Shooting Guide , who himself once had three ribs broken by a falling grouse (Daily Mirror , 1 January 1988;Daily Express ,Sun ,Daily Telegraph , 19 November 1991).
The Express dubs the Grant-Livingstone team the ‘nightmare ticket’, and reminds us that Grant has sometimes been known to the tabloids as ‘Barmy Bernie’.
27 April : The Express claims that the Kinnocks are moving house.
On the rare occasions when I have met television journalists, I have been astonished by the hatred expressed for Adie, as well as by the vitriolic gossip about her, which subsequently proved to be entirely false.
We now know that opinion polls are almost meaningless except as a rough guide to the sort of views that people believe they ought to express in public.
But before the great affair struck up, one looked around at the new faces: Steve Milligan, who used to be our foreign editor at the Sunday Times , Lady Olga Maitland, nicer than her impossible opinions, whom I chiefly remember for being very good about expenses at the Sunday Express (one wonders if Kelvin Mackenzie might have slipped in late for Chislehurst), Nigel Jones, the Lib Dem from Cheltenham with the Lenin beard, and a man and woman sitting together, pointed out as Gordon and Brigid Prentice who, if they flourish in Labour politics, will be compared in the Sun two elections from now with the Ceausescus.
In an announcement published on 28 August 1991, the PT expressed the intention of becoming the political organisation of the trade unions.
4 May:The Express pounces on Margaret Beckett's admission that she is still a member of CND.
One local paper, the Windsor Observer , discovered that almost all Alford's official observers at the count were Tory party members; and another, the Slough Express , photographed him after the count, enjoying a celebratory drink with the former Tory leader of Slough council.
In last week's Tribune , Sawyer suggested that ballots of affiliated members in leadership contests might be made compulsory and that block votes could be split, although he expressed himself more cautiously than Gould intends to.
If the little sods want to experiment, that's fair enough; we scatter a widely varied selection of ephemeral matter around the common room for them to browse over or deface — the Daily Express ,Lancet ,Exchange & Mart ,Viz …that sort of thing.
The Express runs a story headlined ‘Why voting Labour is a waste of money.’
In the Express , Robert Kilroy-Silk takes another swipe at Bryan Gould.
The problem seems to be that Gould expresses views at odds with the official policy of the old shadow cabinet of which he was a member.
While others may express Alarm,
This defiance was expressed not simply by a host of politicians, personalities and pop stars, but also by ordinary men and women in the street.
Thirty of Germany's best-known film-makers, including Wenders, Schlöndorff and Werner Herzog, put their names to an advertisement in Variety expressing regret at the decision, writing of ‘the special responsibility the past imposes on us’.
They expressed their fury with the godly in lewd ballads that echo through Underdown's story.
Many die-hard defenders of the outmoded Please Pass The Toast system have expressed fears that fair votes must inevitably mean granting a platform to ultra-rightists.
The two extremes can be expressed in the form of two rhetorical questions.
The other weakness in Handy's argument is that there is every possibility that demand for more education and health care will be expressed in the market place as consumers choose to buy these commodities.
Similarly with regard to attitudes to management, the British workers fitted the Blauner model, expressing a high level of contentment with existing procedures of decision making and a consensus about organisational goals, whereas the French saw their enterprises as socially dichotomous and exploitative.
In contrast to Mallet and Naville, they do not appear to believe that there is any fundamental conflict of interests between capital and labour which would lead to them expressing opposing preferences with regard to the taking up of the job design principles they advocate.
A great deal of interest has bee expressed and COHSE detects what it calls ‘a lemming-like rush’ in this direction.
‘The main finding was that the children expressed a lot of emotion towards their mother, like hate and distrust and abandonment,’ Ms Williams told NT
‘They also expressed a lack of knowledge about what was going on at the time, and they blamed their mothers for that.
I did, however, manage to express my views as a practitioner, as one who actually nurses in the system of which she is so poorly informed, and I suggest that if more of us did the same, then perhaps our collective expertise may have a greater influence.
She felt relieved and began to express feelings she had hidden for years.
Sessions 11 and 12: expressing feelings
We looked at the central role feelings play in our lives, and at the difficulties women with bulimia often have in expressing them.
She became very unhappy but could not express these feelings.
She was able to change this pattern slowly, beginning to recognise, express and meet her own needs.
‘Binge’ diary Week 1 Binged and vomited four times 2–3 Keeping her diary regularly 4 Returned home and told her family about problems with eating 5 Stopped weighing herself so frequently; binged and vomited three times 6 Ate breakfast for first time 7 Allowed herself to ask for support from friends 8–9 Binged and vomited once each week 10 Expressed her feelings of sadness in the group for the first time 11–12 Ate three regular meals per day; binges much smaller 13 A week free from bingeing and vomiting 14 A week free from bingeing and vomiting
Considerable disquiet was expressed over the Society's involvement in Orkney.
Doubts arose over the competence of the system to cope with cases of such magnitude, Concern was expressed by lawyers, families, councillors, and even Orkney's re-instated Reporter, Mrs Katherine Kemp, over the relationship between Orkney Islands Council's Social Work Department and the Children's Panel.
A member of the Panel for twelve years, Mrs Laughton had written in November 1990 to the Secretary of State for Scotland, expressing her concerns about the deterioration of the system in Orkney since the suspension of Mrs Kemp.
As he arrived, Mr Targowski was cheered by a large crowd of supporters and well-wishers, gathered to express their feelings about the situation that had drawn a cloud over their quiet island life.
The families, she said, had asked her to express their gratitude for the warm and caring support from everyone there; they were grateful, too, for the many messages of support and sympathy coming from outside Orkney.
He was to express the presbytery's grave concern over certain aspects of the handling of these cases and press for an urgent review of procedure in suspected child abuse cases.
They also expressed their concern that a manse and church buildings had been searched by the police, and items of an ecclesiastical nature removed.
They were up against the absolute certainty of guilt expressed by all the parties weighed against them.
Feelings were being expressed freely in some quarters that the whole matter had been one of ‘revenge’ for support shown to the W family after eight children from the family of fifteen had been taken away three months before.
Labour's John Aberdeen talked to colleagues at the Scottish Labour Party Conference; the Conservative candidate, Hampshire barrister Dr Paul McCormick, made an immediate and thorough study of the circumstances surrounding the removal of the children, and Frances McKie for the Scottish National Party was quick to express her horror of the Social Work Department's actions.
Some councillors expressed their deep concern, but declined to comment further; some promised help and support, and expressed their own outrage at the course of events; some didn't take the trouble to answer the letter at all, A few of them, however, proceeded to make their own enquiries.
E GREENSMITH (Trinidad and Tobago Daily Express)
‘Do you know,’ I asked a market trader as I met the fine working people of Motherwell over the weekend, ‘that this country's public sector borrowing requirement expressed as a percentage of Gross National Product is running at a completely unacceptable level?’
‘We want to make sure that too many laws don't come about discouraging people from expressing admiration for the female form,’ he said.
Like the glycerine running in rivers down Maxine's cleavage, though, most of the desperation seems applied for the sake of surface effect rather than expressing emotional or philosophical truth.
1881 Caption — Mamma (to Mabel, who has expressed a desire to see the boundary of Sussex and Surrey).
It will be of immense value to the editors of the Daily Mail ,Sun ,Sunday Times , and even our very own, dearly-beloved Daily Express (wakey, waaaakeeee!!!) as they prepare their entirely unbiased coverage of the political scene.
‘Her clothes will be ripped apart during a love scene in her raunchiest role,’ shrieked the Daily Express expectantly.
The character of Josef (played with great skill by David De Keyser) is sadly amusing — a writer who has abandoned his country and family for freedom of expression, he cannot express himself in an artistic or commercial way.
To a lesser extent these factors apply to the Cherbourg route too, although there is the added attraction of frequent express trains direct of Paris.
It is surprising how much passenger loyalty is expressed towards these great old aircraft.
The salutation seemed to open infinite  possibilities, and expressed a recognition of his right to travel; he felt welcomed, and also saw that he had been given something of inestimable value.
It was odd, she thought, how if one was alone, one leant to things, inanimate things; trees, streams, flowers; felt they expressed one; felt they became one; felt they knew one, in a sense were one; felt an irrational tenderness thus (she looked at that long steady light) as for oneself'.
We are not used to long poems these days, and we no longer expect poetry to do the work of history, psychology and the novel, or to find ‘the spirit of the age’ expressed in poetic medium.
In addition to all the rationally established facts I formulate in the indicative mood, there is the imperative to respect them, expressed in injunctions of varying generality imposing varying degrees of obligation, ‘You ought to know that’, ‘You should have had more sense’, ‘You had better check that’, ‘You were wrong to overlook that’, and sometimes directly in the imperative mood, ‘Face facts’‘Know thyself’, ‘Think what you're doing’.
Examining myself, I find spontaneous inclinations and aversions, which I express by ‘I want/don't want’.
At a time when one feels tempted to join in with the celebration of rugby as expressed by England and Ireland in the recent magnificent international match, it may seem churlish to focus on a theme that is no cause for euphoria by a source of concern for the future of sport — and rugby in particular.
When Waldron succeeded Ryan, mid-season, his philosophy (a word he frequently used) was along the line expressed by Brian Thomas above.
Dowling, though, reacted very quickly, expressed grave concern about the ease with which Swart and van den Bergh were cleared and started the NZRFU mill-wheels in overdrive.
We don't pray to win; we pray before and after each game to thank God for giving us the gift of talent and the capacity to express it.
Mr. Gloag revealed that The Famous Grouse has expressed an interest in sponsoring the 1995 World Cup in South Africa.
The plays tells the story of Colin, an incorrigible young offender, who finds himself able to express his hatred of injustice, hypocrisy and exploitation through his cross-country running.
She searched around for further words to express her grief, but could find none, and kept repeating herself.
The lower orders eventually expressed their political preferences rather differently.
The ever-present potential lawlessness of the Weald was married to the strongly expressed parochialism of small farmers to resist both King and Parliament.
Patriotic fervour expressed by burning effigies tended to stop short of much deeper involvement and although 14,102 men were liable to be called up by 1805, another 9630 claimed exemption.
The labourers were drawn into a pattern of early marriages, large families and demoralisation which expressed itself in a growing surliness and a readiness to explode into violent, but contained, protest.
The Daily Express reported ten against women and one against men.
Within the family, John's father was the only one to express reservations, ‘and not because Kathie is white, but because she is a committed career woman.’
See the photo where his knees are angled away from hers, while her knees eloquently express her sadness at the distance that has come between them.’
Fashion editors, after all, are forever exhorting us to express ourselves in every peplum, to use checks to tell the world where we are at, and to affirm our commitment to the modern lifestyle with Lycra.
Lynn is a vivid example of how women are often attracted to men who express parts of themselves which have been buried or destroyed — in her case her sexual confidence.
The process described is common: women who often suffer from low self-esteem, frustrated creativity or an inability to assert themselves can — subconsciously at least— look for someone who will express confidence, arrogance, purposefulness, ambition and success.
But finding a person to express this attributes doesn't necessarily take care of them.
To imitate adult play and express some emotions.
For some parents, spoiling their child is one of the ways they can express relief at having someone to care for.
Psychologically it would apply to a life completely expressed without regrets and with all guilts erased; a difficult number to resonate with in our present type of society.
The fond feelings of the Indian people for the Cobra are perhaps nowhere better expressed than in the words of Sarojini Naidu, an Indian poetess.
These ideas, expressed a year before his death in 1973, epitomized Burr's life work.
Humans think, feel and express intuition and creativity because the Universe itself is a manifestation of consciousness, of conscious forces and self-conscious powers.
Just as we express what is in our soul through the use of our Mind and our bioenergy, so the Universe expresses itself.
The mind — if unable to express creativity or creative impulses — exhibits frustration and evokes self-disdain for negative self-images and loss of self-worth; the emotions — if subject to suppression or repression of essential human responses relating to love, understanding and compassion — are suffocated; the harbouring and nurturing of accumulated aggressions, rejections or guilts, destroys the human ability to be receptive to positive influences, and depression, grief, hopelessness and helplessness all evoke a desire for self-annihilation if sustained; the spirit — if unable to establish any connection between its personal nature and those higher elements which nourish it — eventually starves.
In Sri Lanka Sinhalese-Buddhist cultural nationalism was linked with other grievances and was sometimes expressed through rioting, but in the absence of élite leadership it was not channelled into demands for constitutional concessions from the British.
There remains the possibility that much social protest was expressed indirectly through crime.
Although hierarchy was not expressed by ritual along the coastal strip, inequality remained fundamental to perceptions of caste.
The first view was expressed in its extreme form by a frustrated magistrate: ‘Love of litigation is hereditary with the people, and is the very breath of their nostrils.
‘The prince has expressed the wish that his wife should not be bored by an over-long show,’ Kensington Palace told the BBC.
The BBC refuse comment, except to say: ‘Prince Charles expressed interest in the show and wanted to know who was on the bill.’
‘He has a very strong character and poetry, painting and football are just different ways of expressing himself.
‘I'm not saying there's more culture in our family and that Eric plays football as well so that makes us more interesting, I'm just saying he expresses himself in one way and also in another and we don't want to be criticised for that.’
Express train (25m away) 90
Reaching back even farther is Ruby Trax which covers 40 years of music in 40 cover versions — to celebrate 40 years of the New Musical Express, with all profits going to the 40-year-old Spastics Society.
This is more than can be said for the ever-decreasing Daily Mirror and Daily Express, both in terminal decline.
The Express has lost millions of readers since its heyday in 1964 when it had 4.2 million circulation — and the deadly decline continues this month.
One advantage of using Barclaycard, American Express or some of the Gold cards is that they offer ‘purchase protection’.
But he has strong views on the monarchy, which he was quick to express in the House of Commons on the announcement of the Prince and Princess of Wales's separation.
‘Oh dear’— to express dismay at the less than gentlemanly antics of players.
Her whirlwind career included ads for Wella Balsam shampoo, Ultrabrite toothpaste and American Express.
Unless you're in the top league of American Express Gold Card shoppers, these delights might be just a bit too rich for your festive feasting.
The National Express group offer has been over subscribed and the basis of allocation will be unveiled today.
THE offer for shares in long distance coach giant National Express is twice over-subscribed and a premium is on the cards when dealings start next Thursday.
Shares in National Express opened with a modest 6p premium at 171p, a sharp disappointment to investors who were hoping they would roar off to around the £2 level.
But last week's newcomer, National Express, closed at 182p, up 4p.
At the Redoubt Mr Major told the 2,400 troops including those from the Cheshire Regiment and Royal Engineers: ‘I wanted to see what was happening on the ground and particularly to express my thanks to you for the work you are doing.
At the Redoubt Mr Major told troops including those from the Cheshire Regiment and Royal Engineers: ‘I wanted to see what was happening on the ground and particularly to express my thanks to you for the work you are doing.
She told a Dublin newspaper: ‘I wish to express my apologies to those I let down.’
A SEX pest who stalked TV weathergirl Ulrika Jonsson died after throwing himself under an express train, it was revealed last night.
In his address, televised live to nearly 60 countries, he also expressed concern about the situation in the Middle East and Liberia and gave thanks that the starving Somalis were finally receiving aid.
‘Words just can't express how I feel about the man who did this — especially as he had been drinking.
Thirty bus companies use Victoria with National Express carrying 70 per cent of passengers.
He coined the Latin phrase, which the Queen used in her 40th anniversary speech at the Guildhall, in a letter to her expressing sympathy over the Windsor Castle fire.
Even senior Tory back-bencher Sir John Wheeler expressed reservations about the future.
Labour leader John Smith told Mr Major: ‘I am sure that the whole House will share the feeling of sadness which you have expressed and will also share the hope that a greater degree of privacy might result for the Prince and Princess of Wales and their children in what would be a difficult time for any family.’
Peers expressed their sorrow at the news of the separation of the Prince and Princess of Wales after the Lord Chancellor Lord Mackay of Clashfern relayed the Prime Minister's announcement to them.
Michael Aspel expressed greater concern for constitutional matters.
The disclosure from Sir James Sherwood, the man who revived the Orient Express, comes as Government plans to privatise BR are being questioned by two former Cabinet ministers.
Sir James, who as president of Sea Containers has expressed interest in some of BR's busiest routes in the South East, says it would be ‘hopeless’ to try to run the railways as in the past.
David Frost kicks off a new series of Sunday breakfast current affairs shows by interviewing Premier John Major, Clive James hosts a new series titled Fame In The Twentieth Century, and Selina Scott will present show business and media magazine Entertainment Express.
In 1904 came the first car, and in 1920 Rover hit the headlines when its Light Six saloon raced the Blue Train Continental Express 750 miles across France — and reached Calais 20 minutes ahead of the train.
And Arsenal, Blackburn, Manchester United, Liverpool and Aston Villa have all expressed interest, along with Spanish giants Real Madrid and Seville.
‘If he says he needs a fresh challenge every six to 12 months, as he did when he left Leeds, he is only expressing the natural motivation every top sportsman requires.
TODAY reporter BEN BACON went to the Highbury area yesterday to give those fans a platform to express their opinions about the alarming decline.
As the cricket world reeled at yesterday's shock news that Gooch's 16-year marriage to wife Brenda has broken up, Test and county chiefs expressed their amazement — and drew up contingency plans.
TOP class chaser Docklands Express could well make his reappearance over hurdles at Cheltenham on Friday.
Docklands Express pleased connections in a racecourse gallop at Newbury recently.
‘He has expressed a desire to own a Football League club.
1.10:USEFUL Flat handicappers Barford Lad, Beauchamp Express and Busted Rock all shaped with promise on their debuts.
1.45:KIM Bailey appears to have found an ideal reappearance race for one of last season's most improved chasers DOCKLANDS EXPRESS.
Runner-up to The Fellow in the King George before finishing a brave third to Cool Ground in the Gold Cup, Docklands Express should defy top weight with all of his rivals at least 7lb or more out of the handicap.
Racing Editor Henry Rix struck with his nap Johnston's Express (4-1).
Gould is writing to the Prime Minister and the Minister of Sport to express his concern after he was banned from working for BSkyB at Albion's Cup match with Wycombe on Tuesday.
Gould is writing to the Prime Minister and the Sports Minister to express his concern after he was banned from working for BSkyB at Albion's Cup match with Wycombe Wanderers on Tuesday.
The Fellow, a comfortable winner from Docklands Express in last year's King George and twice touched off in the Gold Cup, has apparently thrived since finishing third in last month's Hennessy.
Kim Bailey has snapped up Peter Scudamore for Kings Fountain, and Anthony Tory will ride stable companion Docklands Express.
Ladbrokes bet: 4-5 The Fellow, 5-1 Bradbury Star, 8-1 Docklands Express, 10-1 Deep Sensation, Kings Fountain, 14-1 Tipping Tim, Pat's Jester.
Any enquiry  into what is in the minds of others is not only an exploration of what is consciously expressed by people but is also about interpreting what is unconsciously believed.
As one manager expressed it: ‘Managers appear to turn up at 9.00 and leave at 4.30, but they take their problems home with them.’
As one man expressed it: ‘When all's said and done we have to get a product out and the management are interested in how cheap it can be done and although it means sacrificing the worker it means one has a cheap product.’
The belief expressed was that wage rates were held at a depressed level in the provinces of England compared to London.
Repeatedly the feeling was expressed that nobody could change the quality of their working lives except possibly higher management.
Everywhere negative feelings were expressed about supervisors and junior management as a role.
The myth was expressed this way: if only higher management would come out of their offices and join the workers on the shop floor it would be possible to create better working conditions.
Women had all the constraints of family life to cope with; children at school, shopping and housekeeping, but no sympathy was expressed by male members of the group as to the comparative hardness of the women's lives in terms of demands on them, such as few hours of sleep.
Even though the chances of owning a boarding house were less then the people we listened to first believed, they had a distinctive orientation to work which no other group expressed.
Expressed was a need to ‘belong’; a small firm, a boss who knows you as one of his employees, who walks around the factory — a benevolent authority — with the right and the ability to make decisions on the spot.
Expressed is an alienation, too great distancing between the work and where decisions can be made.
This outward aggression, however, if it cannot be expressed to the object has to be turned inwards in depression, which is anger turned back upon the person.
Inability to express hostility and aggressive feelings directly;
I have tried to express in another paper one conclusion:
Continuing this political enquiry we should note the belief that was once expressed with some confidence that as workers became more affluent they would take on the values of the middle classes in their society.
Afterwards, he expressed surprise that the Post Office had not been invited to send a representative.
Light Railway & Tramway Journal says the following: ‘The S.M.E.T. made a new departure on Tuesday by inaugurating a Tramway Parcels Express, in connection with the service of cars between Tooting and Penge, Croydon and Wallington, Carshalton, Sutton and Mitcham.
Mr Maginnis, the UUP's security spokesman, expressed disappointment that there was still no indication that the means necessary to disrupt the command and control structure of the IRA were being implemented.
He found it incredible that Mr Adams should issue a statement within hours of the hospital bombing expressing his concern for patients in the granting of trust status to the Royal Victoria Hospital.
In England during the war, she literally committed suicide by refusing her food rations, thus expressing her solidarity with the starving of Europe.
He doesn't seem to have expressed a wish for a studio — that  would have been to declare himself too soon, to stretch his confidence too far.
Critics have expressed doubts about the draughtsmanship of both artists.
Overjoyed to be of use to someone, and by his role of rescuer, he expressed his happiness to Theo obliquely, in a rushing torrent of plans.
He wrote again, a careful, stilted letter, expressing gratitude for the help he had received and suggesting they shook hands and called it a day.
The great Italian poet Leopardi had this to say: ‘Works of genius have this intrinsic property that even when they give a perfect likeness of the nullity of things, even when they clearly demonstrate and make us feel the inevitable unhappiness of life, even when they express the most terrible despair, nevertheless…they always serve as a consolation, rekindling enthusiasm, and though speaking of and portraying nothing but death, restore to it, at least for a while, the life that it had lost.’
In a letter, Vincent only said that he wanted to express ‘the struggle of life in that pale, slender woman's figure.’
With it he could express the body, the mass and density of things.
After painting the peculiar burial place in Nuenen, he felt so moved that he had to express his intentions in words.
‘I wanted to express what a simple thing death and burial is, just as simple as the falling of a leaf -just a bit of earth dug up — a wooden cross….
Since film is a language which is expressed primarily in visual terms, it makes sense to plan your movies in a visual way, and the technique of storyboarding is often used for this reason.
He has expressed scepticism about the significance of linguistics for language teaching.
I see Chomsky's position as consistent with the view I expressed earlier, namely that the theoretical disciplines provide a reference for establishing principles of approach, but they cannot determine techniques .
The difference is that Chomsky acknowledges this fact and accordingly expresses his views with appropriate caution.
He expresses it in the following way:
Learners acquire a particular language by receiving comprehensible input, that is to say by being exposed to messages expressed in language which is within the current acquired competence of the learners, together with language which is due to appear in the next stage of acquisition, and which can be eased into the mind by the help of context, knowledge of the world and so on.
But my purpose in dwelling on this theory is to demonstrate how ideas are spread  by the action of persuasion on uncritical acquiescence and get converted into solutions, which are assumed to be valid everywhere, like American Express traveller's cheques.
He expresses these distinctions as four types of authenticity:
Similarly, Corder, though sounding a note of caution about adopting too restrictive a model of description, expresses the view that pedagogy draws selectively from descriptions of language provided by linguistics.
A distinction is commonly made between teaching language and teaching about language and the belief is expressed that the first has to be done by providing direct experience and avoiding the explicit knowledge promoted by the second.
Of course, they may not accept the beliefs, attitudes, or intentions that are expressed; one can always object to what somebody else says, but it does not make much sense to do this unless one understands its meaning.
Now if these maxims of co-operation are not honoured by a speaker on a particular occasion and the hearer has reason to suppose that this is intentional, the hearer will look for meanings other than those which are explicitly expressed.
If it is obvious to both of them that what the speaker has just said is false, or so obvious as to need no comment at all, the hearer will look for implications , that is to say what is implied other than what is expressed.
Language difficulty will be seen in terms of nonconformity to standard or normal ways of expressing notions and functions.
The major audit firms have also expressed serious reservations about some elements in the APB's package that appeared in exposure drafts last May on going concern and an extended audit report.
Although the responses were generally supportive, ‘practically everybody expressed some reservations and about a third expressed serious reservations about particular features’.
The 100 Group's submission expresses concern that ‘the proposed requirements are very extensive…and are likely to prove onerous, not only in preparation, but in the degree of care and verification that will be necessary.
As a Sears executive told a recent EDI conference: ‘Getting on the EDI express doesn't guarantee success, but staying off, I think, will ensure failure.’
Getting on the EDI express doesn't guarantee success, but staying off, I think, will ensure failure
Having corresponded with the member or members concerned, the committee looks at the facts it has obtained and expresses a technical opinion, which it may follow up in various ways.
While members have occasionally expressed surprise at the committee's sudden appearance in the front line, their cooperation has demonstrated the value of a discreet forum for discussing and resolving difficult problems outside the disciplinary processes.
The Institute also expressed its concerns about the new legislation in its response to a Department of Trade and Industry consultative document in September (see ACCOUNTANCY , November 1992, p 100).
A review of SSAP 13 by the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants in January 1992 expressed the view that: ‘SSAP 13 (Revised) was a relatively small step towards requiring companies to disclose more information about their plans for the future.
But the service sector (nine respondents), which included several small R&D intensive companies, expressed a 78% agreement; electrical and electronics sector companies (16 respondents) also strongly supported it (69%).
They state that ‘A reasonable target [for CPE]can be expressed as an average of 150 points year on year — with three points being recorded for each hour of structured CPE and one point for each hour of unstructured activity…members for whom CPE is compulsory should aim to achieve at least 40% of their CPE…through structured activities…
Expressing such views requires courage because it would appear to be taboo to talk about protecting fee income.
Further, it is good to see the importance of the problem of litigation against auditors expressed so firmly.
He says that it is the first time the Japanese governent has expressed interest in the IASC's work.
Concern has been expressed over the bid which, if successful, would make the UK travel industry a duopoly with Airtours and Thomson as the market leaders.
To achieve this it separated operational and functional responsibilities within the practice and brought in outside professional managers who were non-accountants: principally Ray Pierce ex-chief executive of the Mortgage Corporation and a former general manager of American Express — as chief executive, and Mel Smaje, a quietly determined former rugby player with experience in the pharmaceutical and computer industries, as director of human resources.
Respondents who favoured such methods expressed their support strongly.
In her foreword, Ruth Richardson, the Minister of Finance (and not the most popular Kiwi politician), expresses it thus: ‘The special advantages of accrual accounting are that it distinguishes between capital and current spending, and that it takes better account of the cost of current policies for future generations…
The Directive had to be revised in the light of major reservations commentators expressed during a previous consultation period early in 1991.
Concern was expressed that where trustees, particularly professional trustees, seek to limit the warranties and indemnities that may be required when they sell shares in a private company, an indirect provision of funds is made to the non-resident settlement.
Both the taxpayer and the Crown expressed dissatisfaction with the Special Commissioner's determination of an assessment for 1985/86 in a reduced amount.
Some respondents to the Discussion Paper expressed concern that its disclosure requirements could impose unacceptable burdens on preparers and result in financial statements including information that was not relevant to users and difficult to interpret.
A reasonable target can be expressed as an average of 150 points year on year — with three points being recorded for each hour of structured CPE and one point for each hour of unstructured activity.
The ASB, however, has previously expressed its unwillingness for the OFR to be audited.
In a statement afterwards, the firm expressed the hope that it might not ‘lead to any compensable loss recoverable from Deloittes by AWA’.
Hanson has expressed an interest in buying British Coal but will not make any decision until all financial information on the privatisation becomes available.
The opposite view is expressed by Arthur Andersen, which would like to see the supervisory function of NEDs spelled out and encouragement given to experimentation with alternative forms of corporate governance, including two-tier boards.
The convertibles market consists of: convertible loan stocks priced, like gilts, in £100 nominal amounts and, where the rate of interest is stated gross, subject to deduction of 25% basic rate tax; convertible preference shares priced in pence like ordinary shares and where the dividend is similarly expressed as a net amount after basic rate tax; and some convertible capital bonds.
A buffet menu on the Paris to Cologne express is priced in six currencies, while the British Rail equivalent comes in just one sterling — and in just one language — English.
AIR EXPRESS INTERNATIONAL
The US corporation Air Express International is one of the longest established and largest freight forwarders, with 27 subsidiary companies and a network of agents around the world and a turnover in excess of $600m a year.
But it has expressed its concern over proposals in the Treasury's consultative document which seek to impose similar formal and detailed requirements for control and communication on professionals, such as lawyers and accountants, as well as on banks and building societies.
The flat rate addition will be expressed as a percentage but, as the formula for calculating it and the figure itself have yet to be agreed with the European Commission, the amount of the addition has not been announced.
There are three principal product areas: letters, express mail and parcels.
At present, the Commission's thinking is that express services should be liberalised where this is not yet the case.
The analysts who expressed a preference for the cash flow statement did not indicate whether they preferred the direct or the indirect method.
This time, the audit report was heavily qualified, or rather, to be precise, the auditors were unable to express an opinion.
Major audit firms have expressed serious reservations about the Auditing Practices Board's proposals on going concern.
While comments (see also p 25) from the Big Six vary on details, most of them express fundamental doubts about either the ED as a whole or important points in it.
A number of the firms express concern at the length of the proposed report.
Under the plan, L&H's 629 former partners are being asked to pay back over $40m over the next 10 years, with some partners' personal assessments totalling as much as $400,000. 475 partners are thought to have approved the plan, but the remainder have either expressed their intention to appeal or have declared themselves personally bankrupt.
And she reports that the recession seems to be easing in the area, with companies expressing renewed interest in investment and acquisitions.
At the Republican Convention last month George Bush expressed his concern about the whole question of liability in the US, and particularly about the amount of money trial lawyers make from suits that lead to doctors refusing to practise certain areas of medicine, and even to parents refusing to umpire childrens' baseball games in case a child is injured and they are sued.
Several commentators express concern not only about the practicability of the exercise, but also about the additional costs it will impose.
It also expresses concern that ‘the increasing number of going concern qualifications which we foresee this statement precipitating may force businesses into receivership that might otherwise survive.’
Traditionally, BR has operated a priority system based on trains' speeds, with express passenger services at the top of the list, followed by suburban passenger, parcels, express freight and so on.
Third, it expresses each year's results in terms of constant purchasing power, not in current money.
Opinions may be expressed in accounts and directors may be able to select accounting policies, but readers often react as though those choices are made by unprejudiced seekers after truth.
After Mrs Wordingham's death later in 1989, Mr Wordingham applied to the High Court for rectification of the will under s 20(1) (a) of the Administration of Justice Act 1982, which states that ‘if the court is satisfied that a will is so expressed that it fails to carry out the testator's intentions, in consequence —(a) of a clerical error…it may order that the will shall be rectified so as to carry out his intentions…‘.
The taxpayer, however, contended that, on a literal reading, its meaning was clear and unambiguous and accordingly there was no alternative but to give effect to the express statutory language.
The contrast between the implied limitation of the section read in its statutory context, and the absence of any express limitation, produced an ambiguity.
S 72(4) could be read as including the limitation, ‘in a case in which the amount distributed was small compared with the value of the shares in respect of which it was distributed’, and none of its express words would thereby be distorted.
Both Thomas Cook and American Express aim to replace cheques within 24 hours, and Amex claims that most of its customers receive refunds within ‘just a few hours’.
This problem is tackled by executive information system products containing multidimensional databases, such as Information Resources' Express.
155 professional women have expressed interest in joining, membership has passed the break-even point and Prue and Shelley, now joint presidents, are about to hand over the administration to an established committee.
In this important respect, the Institute's exams are in a stronger position than ever before, following the agreement of the firms with the largest numbers of students to provide nominees to examining positions on a planned basis; and smaller firms have expressed support as well.
The exposure period for public comment on the Auditing Practices Board's proposed Statement of Auditing Standards (SAS) dealing with the subject of going concern, ended on 31 August, and the views expressed vary considerably.
The major points of difference between the proposed Statement of Auditing Standards and the existing standard are that: auditors' reports would contain brief descriptions of the respective responsibilities of directors and auditors, and would indicate the basis of the opinion expressed and include a description of the key features of the audit process; auditors would no longer issue qualified reports solely as a result of uncertainties which cannot be resolved at the date the financial statements are approved (‘inherent uncertainties’).
They would express an unqualified opinion in these circumstances, taking into account the treatment of any matters affected by uncertainty; auditors would draw attention to the way in which inherent uncertainties had been treated; and their reports would state the date on which the audit was completed and on which their opinion is expressed.
Our audit opinion is expressed at the date below.
At this point I must express thanks for the valuable contributions from training organisations, district societies, district training boards, the National Student Liaison Committee and various Institute committees (including the Competence-led Assessment Steering Group).
PW was not informed until 3 July and immediately expressed its strong opposition to the plan when a rescue was so close to being finalised.
Grand Metropolitan sold Express Foods for £96m to a management-led buyout team.
Peter Smith of Coopers & Lybrand expressed some doubt about whether the necessary guidance was practicable yet, and therefore whether a statutory duty was appropriate.
The IRR is expressed as an interest rate and is therefore easier to understand than the NPV.
The applicant should be encouraged to ask questions and express any reservations he or she may have; these may indicate potential future problems.
CamHealth for the Environment features a number of facilities to help companies meet their obligations to the ‘duty of care’ and ‘duty of aftercare’expressed and implied in the Environmental Protection Act 1990.
In Spain, we have a further nine years to wait before we see whether similar views are expressed.
Many existing audit committees' terms of reference are expressed in very general terms only.
In the year ended 30 April 1992, the operator of automatic photographic studios, identification systems, copiers and express print services, has included sales by the company's manufacturing divisions to group undertakings in group turnover.
The latter quality is expressed by the precision of the design with its almost hard, linear effects, which are quite a contrast to Ramsay's later use of sfumato .
Ramsay was essentially unhappy with the baroque idiom, of which one of the basic tenets is inherent movement, which he found difficult to express.
The main differences I see between the shop here and Christian bookshops in Britain are (a) that we can order books from an express supplier in the morning and have them in the afternoon, which is very good and (b) that there are more books about Israel and the Jews.
Sadly, ‘mental illness’ problems do not ‘exist’here and it is not acceptable to express them.
To see God's love expressed to us in the prayers and giving of people far away is a great encouragement and blessing to us.
I also want to express my deep appreciation especially to those who took the time to pray for me.
My thanks to all who have already expressed an interest.
Much enthusiasm for the vision was expressed that evening.
Finally, on your behalf, I want to express our thanks to Ian Smith and Ashley Collishaw and all the team who worked so hard to present the drama ‘Hedda's’.
The evangelical community has expressed concerns regarding several of the clauses.
Taking his Indian ink, he added to this outline the delicate tints that expressed the modelling of the figures, and the shadowing of interiors, architecture, or landscape.
The local press and Daily Express gave reasonable coverage, but the state-owned BBC was a different story.
He hoped that it would express disquiet at the circumstances of the Tully-West shooting and would call publicly for an independent inquiry.
CARTOON BY JAK OF THE DAILY EXPRESS (30TH JULY 1977) FOLLOWING PRESS REPORTS THAT AN INTELLIGENCE ORGANISATION HAD BUGGED THE OFFICES OF HAROLD WILSON, THE PRIME MINISTER.
In the twentieth century, public opinion has an added importance because, when expressed through elections, it can decide the lifespans  of democratic governments.
Later in the same month, the Daily Express carried reports by its defence correspondent, Chapman Pincher, that Wilson's offices had been bugged by security men in both 10 Downing Street and the House of Commons.
four days before The Observer published this statement by Wilson, Chapman Pincher wrote in the Daily Express that he had a copy of a DI6 report, detailing the heavy surveillance of Harold Wilson prior to the general election of February 1974.
The document expressed great concern that Wilson had been strongly pro-Israel when prime minister from 1964–70 and that his return to office would sour relations with the Arabs at a time when the international oil crisis was acute.
It expressed fears that Wilson as prime minister would increase trade with the USSR which would allow the Soviets to infiltrate more KGB agents into the United Kingdom under diplomatic cover.
One section of loyalists correctly forecast that the proposed constitutional convention was an exercise to buy time and that the Westminster government would ignore its recommendations as cynically as it had ignored earlier constitutionally expressed wishes of the loyalist majority.
It explained that the basic complaint expressed in the formal church resolutions was that ‘the government was failing in its fundamental duty of providing security of life and property to those going about their lawful business.’
‘And I have no wish for time to soon pass, as you express it — were time to pass that quickly, I should very soon be an old old woman.
‘Only mama shall know our secret — she has already expressed the intention of concealing the nature of my illness, for fear of arousing alarm.
‘As the lady Anne is aware — and to her chagrin — I have more than once expressed admiration of her companion.
His gaze, as it met hers, clearly expressed his pleasure.
The sounds were plaintive, resonant, doom-laden as those of a passing-bell, and she recognized even then — though she could not have found words to express it — that it would turn out thus, just as she had said.
She stamped her feet, wept and refused for two days to eat or — once her initial reaction had been volubly expressed — speak.
‘The  prince your brother spoke yesterday of the situation, expressing some concern.
’’Your Majesty ,’ Buckingham interposed with emphasis, ‘onerous as such a duty may be, it is the unanimously expressed will of your subjects’.'
For him they are not myths that express spiritual reality; instead they are mistaken myths.
He cannot bring himself to believe in dark powers and evil forces as expressed in biblical language.
Most of the ‘congregation’[he said it in such a way that it merited being put in inverted commas]do not know how to behave, when to stand or kneel, how to express their grief.
We can definitely say, however, that both America and Britain have a vague overall culture that is expressed in its national institutions  and ‘way of life’.
If there is a common culture at all it is usually expressed as part of the public world of government and state.
Bishop Harris, who has welcomed me so warmly, has expressed his willingness to continue on until the end of the year whilst I complete my own duties in Westminster diocese.
Spring brings hope as new growth appears; summer is the full flowering of that hope; autumn expresses the fall of leaves and preparations for the hardships of winter; winter seems cold and dead but is a time of hidden growth
Their request, therefore is that the NBCW provides a regular input expressing as far as is possible, the concerns and views of women in the Church on topics which seem to women to be most crucial or fundamental.
Bishop Gray was very quick to speak out and express his ‘dismay and extreme disappointment’ at the announcement of Cammell Laird's closure.
He expressed his concern for the workforce and their families.
All those attending the lobby have expressed their outrage at the deepening crisis in housing, and many MPs were surprised by the level of concern and involvement of Church groups.
Bishop Gray gave his full support to the work going on in many of the schools and parishes, and expressed a wish that the programme would be quickly at the heart of all our schools.
Meanwhile, Mr Candlish expresses his gratitude for assistance received during his period of office as president.
The special love of Jesus was expressed to Elizabeth.
The newspaper is a further and on-going attempt to communicate, inform, and consult all women, including those not in organisations, and to give them a means of expressing their views and concerns.
Or perhaps he was merely expressing caution about Romania's chances of escaping from the Soviet orbit.
Even as late as June 1990, the Zimbabwean President publicly expressed his disbelief at what the ungrateful Romanians had done at Christmas 1989 to his former honoured guests — but then he was still bent on making his country into a one-party state according to the tried and trusted recipe.
It was not surprising that even within the upper reaches of the Party discontent began to come into the open, or at least to be expressed clearly behind closed doors at meetings of the Central Committee or Council of Ministers.
Some of the Romanian émigrés and ex-political-prisoners present as witnesses at the hearing were shocked that a Western politician could express such views.
Florentin Popescu's poem, ‘In Simple Words’, expressed the whole people's love for the ‘woman as scholar’ whose ‘name we say when we use simple words: water, sun and bread’.
The Albanian leader could express his shock at the gangsterish methods of Gheorghiu-Dej in the late 1940s without for one moment admitting to himself, let alone to his readers, that he was even remotely hypocritical given his own tendency to resort to rubbing out rivals personally (including shooting his prime minister and long-term comrade-in-arms, Mehmet Shehu, in 1981).
Just as the civic buildings in Moscow expressed the confident power of the Communist regime, so the new housing blocks were designed to conform to the new ideals of social life.
Who could express dissenting views openly when neighbours he hardly knew let alone trusted could hear every word in the shared kitchen or through thin partitions passing as walls?
On 14 December 1989, she visited the Casa Republicii for the last time and expressed alarm on seeing that one of the decorative features of the stairways leading to the southern entrance of the palace had the image of a cross when seen from high above.
This need from proclamation is expressed with sensitivity in section three of the World Council of Churches Conference on World Mission and Evangelism Report (Melbourne May 12–24, 1980)The Church Witnesses to the Kingdom , in the following paragraph:
Paul expresses his assurance to Timothy, ‘the Lord will rescue me from all evil and take me safely into his heavenly Kingdom’(2 Tim.
Of the two thieves crucified with Jesus, it is only to the one who expresses his penitence that Jesus responds, ‘I promise you that today you will be in Paradise with me’(Luke 23:39–43).
Once the gospel has been received by a group and a church formed, the next question which must be faced is, ‘How should this Christian community live and organise itself to express most authentically the new life of the gospel within that cultural context?’
‘Culture is an integrated system of beliefs (about God or reality or ultimate meanings), of values (about what is true, good, beautiful and normative), of customs (how to behave, relate to others, talk, pray, dress, work, trade, farm, eat, etc.), and of institutions which express these beliefs, values and customs (government, law courts, temples or churches, family, school, hospitals, factories, shops, unions, clubs, etc.), which bind a society together and give it a sense of identity, dignity, security, and continuity.’
The best ingredients of each culture are selected which most express his values and purposes for humankind.
This was the position held by many of the Gnostics, Abelard, Ritschl and those who express syncretistic sentiments within the ecumenical movement.
Christians who adopt this conceptual framework recognise that within culture there are laws additional to those expressed by Jesus Christ which are also from God.
By the way it is expressed it becomes a word from God to them , at their level of understanding, indigenous and applicable to their times and struggles.
Lesslie Newbigin expressed the problem in terms of two dogmatic systems.
The acceptance of the former dogma rather than the second depends on an acceptance of the unique salvation history expressed by God through his people Israel which has significance for the whole of mankind.
The terms Logos (Word), Lord, Kingdom, Adoption were meaningful to pagan ears, so the person of Christ and the nature of his mission is expressed in those concepts.
Speakers express their message in terms of their own perceptions and within their own frame of reference without  making any attempt to relate what they want to say with what the other person is likely to hear.
They are expressed in voice control.
‘In the mutual look the participants express their involvement with one another.
They will conclude, as people on a South London council estate expressed it when they observed the middle-class congregation going into their local church each Sunday, ‘That church isn't for the likes of us.’
Such cultural diversity we should expect to find expressed in the structures and institutional life of the churches.
Sometimes the common traits of homogeneity which bind people together are evil; these may be expressed in the form of hostility or antagonism to those outside.
This will mean forging with other and different churches creative relationships which express the reality of Christian love, brotherhood, and interdependence’(Pasadena Consultation 1978:4, 5).
At every level of church life, international, inter-denominational, intercongregational and intracongregational structures must be developed to express both the unity and the diversity of the Body of Christ (1 Cor.
Other churches have endeavoured to build effective congregational structures to express both homogeneity and heterogeneity.
In 1972 the report of the Committee on Mission for the British Council of Churches entitled ‘Stand Up and Be Counted’ expressed the conviction ‘that a fresh approach to the collection and use of statistical information is the basic prerequisite of any realistic planning for mission in the United Kingdom’(p. 1).
This was delightfully expressed at the national Roman Catholic pastoral Conference held in Liverpool in 1980 where Christians were described as ‘Easter People’.
There are five key theological terms: Reconciliation, Redemption, Justification, Regeneration and Adoption, which express God's involvement in the total process.
‘Redemption ’ expresses the means by which reconciliation is made possible.
The Queen of Beauty encompasses the ebb and flow of feminine life, and she represents the possibility of expressing each nuance of this.
Beauty is not fixed, or frozen, even though we have our preferred modes for expressing it.
The essence of her nature could still express itself and be known by her visitors, and it was in this quality of spirit that her last claim to beauty lay.
But every woman makes a choice about her appearance; she is exercising the power of the Queen of Beauty, which is to express qualities of being through the physical medium.
Sometimes the image they create may be a long way from expressing their real character but the search is on — through fashions, chats with friends, reactions from boyfriends — to find a style that suits their temperament and physical type.
In youth it is relatively easy to create a physical beauty, while the character is still not fully formed; later on, the search for beauty seems to take on a different aspect, that of expressing the true individual femininity in the most appropriate way.
Each woman has to make a choice as to how she expresses the ageing process.
She enjoys what she has; she may be less inhibited about experimenting with the outward image; on the other hand she is less of a slave to fashion, more ready to accept her individuality and express it openly.
The Lady of Light may appear in our lives in three different ways, expressing a relationship between the feminine and light.
When the basic flow is established, the light can be allowed to sparkle, dance, or be steady, glowing, smooth or rippling, according to the music that is being expressed.
Let us suppose that male and female each have an active and a passive means of expressing light.
Women may have the advantage of being less fixed in the way they can express the creative light.
However, there may be another implication echoing the age-old drive of women to use the night for expressing a forceful, magical side of nature which the social customs of day prohibit.
She may subtly encourage in her daughter all the characteristics she would like to express openly herself, but dare not.
A group of women talking about motherhood may either find some way of adjusting their differing statements so that they are all right , or else become locked in bitter disagreement, which is no less vitriolic even if it is not openly expressed.
There will always be varying ways in which a woman's relationship to her home is expressed, depending on the period and culture in which she lives.
The Army have not dropped their controversial access conditions as was reported, but have amended them following the representations they have received from the BMC and the views that were expressed at the Castlemartin meeting in March.
Diverse elements of middle-class Fabianism and left-wing protestant militancy were encompassed in a way that subordinated those socialist currents capable of expressing the most dynamic working-class interests.
Resistance was volatile, at times anarchist in nature; spontaneous riots against bread prices or unemployment were short lived, providing the poor with a temporary release of tension and an opportunity to express hostility to respectability and the law.
Even Thorne's branch of the BSP expressed disquiet (BSP, South West Ham branch,Minutes 28 January 16).
In a letter to the local press Kirk expressed criticism of the party's stance on peace by negotiation, and the disastrous consequences of adopting the new constitution:
J Wood in the Custom House and Silvertown Ward expressed the need to administer effectively the 1918 Education Act, 1918 Maternity Act, and the 1919 Housing and Town Planning Act: ‘In a period of reconstruction only a majority of conscious Socialist and labour men and women on the council will have the determination to make West Ham a healthier, cleaner, more sanitary town to live in’.
We hold, at the bottom of our hearts, the same ideals of justice and brotherhood, and it is this common aspiration that I should like to express and represent.
Deep concern was expressed at the recklessness of the labour group, and the inevitable effect that such expenditure would have upon assessments and rates.
Shopkeepers are afraid to express their political views and free speech is denied to others than Socialists.
Meanwhile, Walter Sanders expressed indignation at Labour's scheme to provide nursery schools, not merely because of the cost but because he thought mothers should look after children at that age.
Fears expressed by an Alliance member on the eve of the election that they were ‘to go into the wilderness for seven or eight years’ were to prove rather optimistic (SE 4 November 22).
American Express and Diners Club (sometimes called ‘travel and entertainment’ cards) an  chiefly different in that you have to pay what you owe in full each month, and no formal limit is set on how much credit you can get.
We are well aware that in the United States fears have frequently been expressed that lenders may be evading the Truth in Lending law by making insurance virtually compulsory without actually making it mandatory using such forceful persuasion that borrowers hardly realise they have the option of not getting it.
In general, users were more likely to express opinions about a type of credit than non-users — so both positive and negative attitudes tended to emerge more strongly.
Old people were more likely than others to have unfavourable views (when they expressed any view at all) about each type of credit — especially HP and bank loans.
It is true that ‘travel and entertainment’ cards, such as American Express, set no credit limit without finding that this leads to excessive bad debt problems.
12.1 Except to the extent that liability may by statute not lawfully be excluded in an Agreement of this nature and between the respective Parties hereto, any statement, condition or warranty, expressed or implied, statutory or otherwise, as to the quality, marketability, suitability or fitness for any particular purpose of the Licensed Software is hereby excluded and  shall not be liable to  or to any other persons for loss or damage, whether direct or consequential, arising directly or indirectly from the use of the Licensed Software or any modification or enhancement thereof and any documentation, manual or training relating thereto.
Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, there are no other warranties expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose.
14.1 This Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by any Party in whole or in Party without the express prior written consent of the other Parties.
16.1 No amendment or variation of this Agreement the schedules to this Agreement or any of the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall be effective unless expressed in writing signed by all the Parties hereto and shall be subject where appropriate to the prior consent in writing of the Secretary of State.
I knew that, when we reported in September, if he expressed his adverse opinions to journalists he would dominate the headlines, and the Report might be irretrievably damaged.
The headline in the London Standard read ‘The professor what don't know nothing’, and the subheading expressed the exact opposite of the truth: ‘Is correct English just a dialect or could it possibly be a useful tool for a youngster in search of a job?
speaking and listening — with one attainment target; the development of pupils' understanding of the spoken word and the capacity to express themselves effectively in a variety of speaking and listening activities, matching style and response to audience and purpose;
I finished the final draft with Mrs Perera in an intensive session of eight hours one hot June Sunday, starting in her garden in Cheshire and ending towards midnight with the dispatch of the document by express courier for delivery to Mr Baker in London on the Monday.
These points are taken up again in the second chapter of Kingman, where it is argued that language ‘expresses identity, enables co-operation, and confers freedom’, and that an understanding of language is vital to children's intellectual, social, personal and aesthetic development.
A traditional concern of the English teacher has always been to develop the ways in which children interpret texts, spoken or written, literary or non-literary, and to increase children's understanding of how texts convey multiple layers of meaning and meanings expressed from different points of view.
Many would argue that learning a school subject — geography, chemistry or English literature — entails learning the language in which that subject is expressed.
For example, written language typically has to express things more explicitly, because it has to stand on its own.
Grammar, perfectly understood, enables us, not only to express our meaning fully and clearly, but so to express it as to defy the ingenuity of man to give to our words any other meaning than that which we ourselves intend them to express.
The reintroduction of the teaching of grammar does not mean that teachers need to neglect the subjective, creative, personal and expressive, for our ability to express ourselves depends on craft, and craft involves understanding of the forms of language.
The ways in which meaning is expressed must always be central to any language study; how language uses grammatical patterns to create both predictable and new meanings.
Use of technical terms is one aspect, for example, of how cogently pupils can talk or write about a topic, how explicitly they can express themselves, and  how well they can suit their language to their audience and purpose.
Since and expresses so many connective meanings and as it is so frequent in speech it is not surprising that young children sometimes overuse it in their writing, as in this piece by an 8 year old boy:
So chronological sequence may be marked by next, after, that, subsequently , etc.; cause-and-effect relationships can be expressed by so,therefore, accordingly, consequently , etc.; simultaneous actions can be joined by while or as ; additive relationships can be indicated by also, in addition, furthermore, moreover , etc.; and contrastive relationships can be expressed by although, however, nevertheless, even so , and so on .
It is occasionally possible, just for brief moments, to find the words that will unlock the doors of all those many mansions inside the head and express something — perhaps not much, just something — of the crush of the information that presses in on us from the way a crow flies over and the way a man walks and the look of a street and from what we did one day a dozen years ago.
Words that will express something of the deep complexity that makes us precisely the way we are, from the momentary effect of the barometer to the force that created men distinct from trees.
Since the 1939–45 war, many doubts have been expressed about the civilising effects of the arts.
Pupils should gain increasing understanding that texts may be related to the interests of different groups — such as women or men, adolescents or minorities of different kinds — and that critical thinking about existing stereotypes and values can be stimulated by studying literature which expresses alternative points of view: for example, on the family, nature and industrialisation, the nation or literature itself.
Many teachers believe that Shakespeare's work conveys universal values, and that his language expresses rich and subtle meanings beyond that of any other English writer.
For example, drama contributes to personal growth, by enabling pupils to express their emotions and by helping them to make sense of the world, and to prepare for adult life through such activities as the simulation of meetings.
It helps pupils express emotions and explore personal feelings: it encourages them to make sense of different situations and different points of view, to practise negotiating successfully with others, and to cope with — and resolve — new situations.
The Swann Committee had also noted ‘the views expressed very clearly to us at our various meetings with parents from the whole range of ethnic minority groups that they want and indeed expect the education system to give their children above all a good command of English as rapidly as possible’.
express beliefs and opinions more confidently,;
He was entirely serious, and had adopted a portentous tone suitable for expressing admiration for the Greatest Living Englishman.
In fact, he saw him; Willie Hamilton persuaded him to come to church, and Paul, who had no belief, agreed on condition that they go to Savill's Old, where Dr Heatherton sustained the charge, as they expressed it here.
I cannot express my gratitude.
His long face expressed conventional regret at what had happened, the news having been conveyed by Nathan on the previous morning.
It was their way of expressing the saying, ‘If you can't beat them, join them.’
Indeed, their hire was taken for  granted, and it would have been deemed a curious request had a client expressed a view to buy them.
There was little individual choice of coffin, linings or handles; all was left to the aesthetic judgement of the undertaker, and the client was rarely asked to express his views.
Men and women may express their faith in different terms, but there is an underlying and profound similarity beneath all the differences.
The mystic claims that the reality which monotheists call ‘God’ is essentially unknowable, but these revealed religions claim that he has spoken very clearly to men and that his divine Word has been expressed and can be experienced in very tangible ways.
The great cathedrals bore witness to a towering vision of transcendence yet, at the same time, expressed a confidence in the human ability to make the great leap necessary to bridge the gulf between heaven and earth.
In their writings we also see the first attempt to express the reality of the mystical life in the English language.
It was a sign of the dawning self-consciousness of the age that more and more people were turning to the vernacular to express their deepest thoughts and feelings.
Rolle tends to the lyric and rhapsodic, a style which does not cohere easily with the logical demands of Latin, but the other three all express the inexpressible cogently and methodically, with a calm which approaches these extreme states of mind quietly, shrewdly and, sometimes, with irony and wry self-deprecation.
Perhaps because Western Christianity tended to express the faith in more rational and conceptual terms, mysticism never became as normative in popular and official piety as it did in other traditions.
The image of Moses enveloped in the cloud of unknowing seemed to express the kind of spirituality they were trying to create.
It is memorably expressed in an Islamic mode in the famous sacred tradition (hadith qudsi ) which makes God say that when one of his human servants turns to him:
For a while, the working title of ‘Homebrew’ was ‘Feminist Slag’, to signify that feminism needn't come at the cost of ‘being able to let your sexuality really express itself’.
Almost all of them express gratitude that somebody gives a shit.
Frustrated at the limited roles offered to black actresses, they produced On A Level , a revue-style show ‘which gave us a chance to express ourselves as artists, not stereotypes’.
With ‘Ebeneezer Goode’ we wanted to express our own sense of humour through the track.
Downstairs, Teppanyaki San is Japanese food as theatre, with knife-juggling, joke-telling chefs cooking at your table — express lunches from £5.50
As we pile into a rented car, I express my thanks for her portraits of a city which headlines and Hollywood love to distort.
Oddly, it was left to Alexander Ramsay to express the only doubt.
To watch Reutemann on a tennis court, for instance, was painful; even Hunt, a splendid athlete, really lacked that sort of fluency which expresses real ‘style’; Jody Scheckter, doing almost anything, was incredibly clumsy.
MESSAGE BEGINS STOP PRIMARY CONTACT ESTABLISHED LEADING ORNITHOLOGIST STOP DOUBT EXPRESSED AS TO MIGRATORY HABITS OF SPECIES STOP INITIAL REACTION NEGATIVE STOP THUR 1630 EST STOP MANVILLE APD/3700925/WP MESSAGE ENDS
People like Ybreska were too afraid to have a commitment, even to openly express doubts.
The decision expressed, Ybreska could no longer restrain the happiness and excitement which welled up inside him.
He broke off to gesticulate hopelessly with his hands, expressing final despair.
Nor did they speak nicely or carry handbags from Étienne Aigner in which reposed American Express Gold Cards.
He had been therapist and client both, had asked the questions and supplied the answers, aiming at total frankness, keeping nothing back, expressing to those bare walls, that metal table and black-leather swivel chair, that window with its half-drawn, dark-blue blind, the crawling distastes and shames, the self-disgust, the shrinking from light and the fear which seemed sometimes to beat with frenzied wings against bars in his brain.
Ever since her birth he had been ultra-anxious without expressing, even to himself alone, his reasons for this.
Goblander was not just an anagram on old banger, it really expressed the way that decrepit old van had of gobbling up petrol as it chugged through the countryside making awful noises because it needed a new silencer.
A curate at St Luke's, an older man from the West Indies, almost persuaded my parents to let me go out to Codrington College in the West Indies, but my headmaster was firm against this, expressing the hope that I might get a scholarship to an English university.
Looking back I am increasingly grateful to the many people who took a share in this fortunate happening, though now I realise that I might have expressed my gratitude to them more often and more appreciatively.
The official report of that conference expressed regret at the omission of any adequate treatment of Southern Buddhism, and the questionnaire and its answers attempted to remedy the omission.
I chose as my subject the person of the Buddha, tried to relate his teaching to Christians, expressed my deep admiration for him and pleaded for a more tolerant and positive attitude towards the religion which he had founded.
It was expressed in the Four Noble Truths, which may be paraphrased as: 1) Human life is characterised by frustration, meaninglessness, suffering.
These words of Monsignor Guardini, written nearly thirty years after my early musings, expressed a growing need in my thinking to account for the Buddha in the providence of God.
Is there not a deep self that keeps active in the subconscious, expressing in dreams the thoughts that it evades in conscious life?
This realisation is already expressed in the bible story of Paradise, providing the occasion for the concept of original sin, as well as the Eastern belief in Karma, equivalent to a debt that has to be paid, which the individual brings with him into his present life.
It also did me a world of good, for I had to study the basic faith, teaching and life and express it in as simple words as possible.
The first two words of that universal prayer are perhaps the most important, for they express our faith in and our filial relation to Him.
The last words of that great prayer express the worship with which we began: ‘’ For thine is the Kingdom, the Power and the Glory, for ever and ever’, the final  word denoting our agreement with all that precedes it: Amen.
When the Second World War broke out in Europe, it was difficult to get supplies of helpful books, and when the Japanese came into it after the disaster of Pearl Harbour, I myself, as well as the clergy and students for whom I had a pastoral responsibility, felt the need of prayers to meet the threatening danger, as well as the provision of prayers which would express a Christ-like spirit about war, enemies in war, dangers in war and sufferers in war.
Among them was In His Name , which was put together in response to the need expressed by the Conference of the International Missionary Council held at Willengen in Germany in 1952, for a book which would help missionary-minded Christians pray for the Church and the World in a way integrated in the full range of Christian faith and worship.
The following prayers have inspired me more than any comments can adequately express my gratitude:Help Me to Pray
We may pour out our hearts about the situation in which we find ourselves, expressing our trust, hope and confidence.
Another insight that has been coming to me consistently is that instead of beseeching God to undertake certain actions or to grant certain mercies or blessings we should state our faith that He is already and always at work in the way that we desire, so that our petition becomes an expansion of our address to Him, a relative clause expressing our conviction of faith that He is already doing what we were about to request Him to do.
In one of the monthly issues I tried to express the affection of British government officers, missionaries, and commercial people for the country in which they had worked and to which they longed to return.
It expresses my love of Burma and its people which continued well into old age.
Before allowing her own words to express her story, it might be helpful to speak of the policy and practice of nearly all missionary societies fifty years ago.
We wish to express our deep concern with regard to the proposed ending of the twenty years tax concession granted to mining companies operating in this State, by the Government.
Here the Lignite Action Group was set up in March 1985 after a public meeting in Moortown to express concern over test-drilling in the area was attended by 500 people.
This concept of a community or culture struggling for its existence is not something attributed to it by academic observers, but one expressed in the community's actions and statements.
By the time the second local meeting took place on Wednesday 28 February 1990 at Myshall, concern over the mining had hardened into opposition which was strongly expressed.
The public meetings for this scoping phase provided further opportunities for the opposition to express its position.
The local disquiet and mistrust was articulated in a letter issued by Dr Joseph Cassidy, Archbishop of Tuam, in which he expressed his concerns over gold mining, warning that ‘one man's gold could be another man's poison.
The IDA also supported the IIRS, expressing complete confidence in it and rejecting the criticism of it expressed at the meeting.
A week after the meeting, Cobh, Midleton and Passage West, three towns around the Harbour, expressed support for the Ringaskiddy residents' campaign and urged An Taisce to review its support for Raybestos's use of asbestos.
As a final ironic footnote, in August 1982, after the showing of a documentary on Yorkshire television on the hazards of asbestos, Liam Beecher of the ITGWU, one of the officials involved in the Raybestos controversy, expressed concern over the effect on the health of the Raybestos workers of their exposure to asbestos in the factory and called for regular monitoring of the health of the 130 people who had worked in the Raybestos Manhattan factory.
They had not exchanged news since Christmas, when Celia had sent the usual hamper and received, in exchange, the customary box of chocolates and a card with robins on, inside which Edna had expressed her best wishes and profuse thanks.
When she explained to Sidney Carrow that she was pregnant, he had said shyly, somehow seeming to express both pleasure and pain, ‘Where were you thinking of going?
‘When I made Midnight Express I had to play a man who was in a permanent messed-up state.
While filming Von Ryan's Express in Italy in 1965, he arrived each day on location by helicopter while Trevor Howard and the rest of the cast had to make the journey by car along bumpy tracks.
Broderick had even written a letter expressing his sympathy to the victims' family.
Many women never really express any anger.
Expressing positive feelings
Being in control and being assertive also means being able to start things off-for example, being able to start a conversation with a stranger and expressing your opinions.
If you have an opinion you have a right to express it — if you want to.
Expressing your own feelings will help too.
Express your interest and encourage the person to continue.
If we don't express the things that worry us our body language will almost certainly give us away, and to the other person this could certainly look like standoffishness or coldness.
I felt very sorry for her by now and for want of knowing how to express my sympathy I offered to make another pot of tea.
Mrs Stych and her arch-rival Mrs Frizzell had both called to express their condolences to Tollemarche's most interesting widow.
She had heard about Donna Frizzell's frightful taste in literature, and, though she was herself a member of the  Society for the Preservation of Morals and knew why the books had been purchased, she saw no reason to save her neighbour any humiliation, and had expressed suitably shocked surprise.
There are insurance brokers offering policy terms who are used by the members of  the Freight Transport Association upon express recommendation of that body.
For his part, the franchisee makes a payment to the franchisor for the rights to a particular area and a royalty based upon sales expressed as a percentage of sales.
Hair is the ultimate fashion accessory, a means to express our individuality, a flattering frame to the face — and foliage behind which we sometimes hide!
‘I am certainly willing to give you a free hand…and to express whatever conclusions  you come to as to guilt or innocence.
It is from some of these 400 that the letters come protesting innocence — and if they often ramble and are poorly expressed, that is indicative of a lack of education which made them vulnerable to manipulation in the first place.
When it seemed that the sound and whatever it emanated from was about to overwhelm us, the engine and coaches of an express train appeared in the left-hand window and whizzed past a few feet from the front bumper.
Most letters asked  for autographs or photographs, some complained of or praised a person interviewed or view expressed, and there was always a sprinkling of old dears short of correspondents who rambled on about the old days.
During the course of the next year, she expressed the same view each time I saw her.
She was expressing much the same sentiments as Bob Boothby had expressed in his last letter to me, and which I have heard other old people express too.
Secondly, the bitterness and resentment with which the two expressed themselves could not, in my view, have been simulated.
Yet here was express permission to do so; what might be called a farter's charter.
Despite their attempts to express opposition many of these early papers still looked to the press of Europe as models.
However, Tanganyika was not yet ready for the sentiments expressed by Fiah, and his paper did not survive the 1940s.
It was a commonly held view in colonial days that contrary opinions expressed in the press would mislead Africans, whom many European administrators looked upon as foolish and  excitable.
Chalmers wrote a foreword to the report of the survey, expressing his confidence:
The idea arose from fears expressed in western industrialized countries that the free market of ideas was being threatened by the fact that the prohibitive costs of entry into media ownership prevented the involvement of anyone other than rich individuals or large corporations.
Government spokesmen expressed a desire to spread television to rural areas.
It must be remembered that it is often difficult to get people to express themselves freely, that there is a tendency in any survey for interviewees to say what they think they are expected to say, and that individuals frequently find it hard to express subjective views on an aspect of their life which they might never have consciously considered before.
In the 1950s, the novelist and writer Stephen Mpashi, a man who very much represented success in the new social order, composed a popular song expressing this conflict.
Those in power wanted the voice of newly independent Tanganyika to express itself forcefully in a printed medium that could be received not only nationally but also abroad.
In particular, in the closing months of 1967, he appears to have attempted to use a newspaper edited by his brother Otini Kambona to express his views.
Although the latter was in the hands of people who rarely expressed anything but praise for the Government and TANU, neither of these institutions had editorial control, and there was always the possibility of its political line changing: after all,Ulimwengu had formerly been a firm TANU supporter.
They expressed surprise at the figures I produced, and they were to be even more surprised in 1973 when a survey far more extensive than mine gave the number as 1,737,000.
The  politicians and officials who expressed public criticism of their work or brought pressure to bear, for whatever reason, did so mostly from an urban standpoint.
Its board had been largely Africanized, and it adopted the view expressed by Mr Sijaona.
Nothing can prevent people from saying that the answers he gave were not ‘adult or ‘fundamental’, but it should be obvious that such adjectives are as culture  biased as Saruman's ‘real’: by themselves they express only the prejudices of the user.
One can see, then, a philosophical crux in the very nature of the Ring, one that was certainly apparent and deeply interesting to Tolkien, and one which he furthermore expressed with great care and deliberation.
The word which for Tolkien expressed this distinctive image of evil was ‘shadow’.
However ‘chance’ was not the word which for Tolkien best expressed his feelings about randomness and design.
People in short do in sober reality recognise a strongly patterning force in the world around them, and both in modern and in Old English have a word to express their recognition.
The very core of the sentiment is expressed by an old retainer called Beorhtwold: ‘Heart shall be bolder, harder be purpose, /more proud the spirit, as our power lessens…’
He thought they were old already in 991; he saw they could be said as well by a heathen as a Christian; he thought the fierce spirit they expressed was one of the reasons for Beorhtnoth's rash decision to let the Vikings cross the river and fight on level ground; they had led to defeat and the death of the innocent.
In The Lord of the Rings it can be expressed by such high-status characters as Faramir, who says at one point that he does not hope to see Frodo ever again, but nevertheless invents a picture of them in an unknown future ‘sitting by a wall in the sun, laughing at grief’.
Gandalf's adaptation of Macbeth also, of course, restates the idea of aggressive courage, a quality very strong in the play and expressed very much in Tolkienian style by Old Siward, ‘Why then, God's soldier be he…
The first time he sang the poem Bilbo had just handed over the Ring and was off to Rivendell; the words accordingly express a sense of abdication, of having been left behind, along with determination to accept this and make a new life somewhere as yet unknown.
By contrast the second version — almost a mirror-image of the first — expresses only justified weariness.
Accordingly when Bilbo and Frodo say they will pursue it, eagerly or wearily, till it is intersected by other roads, lives, wishes,and will then continue into the unknown, if they can , they are expressing a mixture of doubt and determination — exactly the qualities Gandalf so often recommends.
In his view The Lord of the Rings was not a derivative or a metamorphosis of them and Pearl and Comus and Macbeth and all the other works I have mentioned of ‘mythic’ or near- ‘mythic’status: instead all of them, including The Lord of the Rings , were  splinters of a truth, transformations on the same level of something never clearly expressed, not even (in entirety) in the Gospels.
However the main merit of Mr Frye's analysis, at this moment, is that besides describing Tolkien's literary category so well it further indicates, first, an inevitable problem associated with that category, and then, more indirectly, the terms in which to express a solution.
The Silmarillion accordingly expresses more than once the theory that orcs were in fact captured elves ‘by slow acts of cruelty…corrupted and enslaved’(S , p. 50).
What it does is to create an image of total separation expressed in understatement.
Next , the process of expansion would undermine all those institutions which expressed the highly personalised private enterprise which for him was the essence of capitalism (such as the change in ownership from individual proprietorship to equity participation in large corporations), as well as destroy the protecting strata — the aristocracy, farmers and small business — on which it depended.
In doing so I should like to express my gratitude to the late Herman Dooyeweerd and to Irving Kristol both of whom have influenced my thinking.
These can be expressed in varying degrees of complexity but I shall try to keep it as simple as possible.
That it seems to me is the heart of the matter and he has expressed it more clearly than many Christian theologians.
Robert C. Tucker, a Professor of Politics at Princeton, in analysing Marxian political thought expresses the view that ‘from a structural viewpoint…
Although the structure which is presented is an ideal — similar indeed to the Ten Commandments, nevertheless in the same way that the Ten Commandments are relevant to our legal system so the principles which underlie the Pentateuch are relevant to economic life — principally because they express universal truth.
St Paul expresses this fact by saying that ‘the created universe waits with eager expectation for God's sons to be revealed.
As a result of industrialisation land has been replaced by capital as the most important means of production and in the process, real wages or, expressed differently the value of human capital, has increased as well.
She shut herself in out of the drizzling rain, and expressed her delight with everything.
It seeks to allow individuals the freedom to explore, express and to ‘feel’ their feelings in safety.
It is perhaps strange that, whilst we pride ourselves on our commitment to individual freedom and self-expression, listening to the problems of other people, and responding appropriately to their needs as expressed, is less common.
Older people, perhaps more than most others, will often express certain feelings, such as contentment or resignation, when they do not represent their real emotions.
This confidence reflects the essentially optimistic nature of the counselling process, perhaps best expressed through Rogers' (1951b) concept of the ‘actualizing’ or ‘formative’tendency, which he described as:
Ageing people usually relish any opportunity they have to express their feelings.
We should at this stage be as non-judgemental as possible about the things being expressed, however wrong, misguided or unjust they might appear to.
How quickly ‘the’ issues will be raised obviously depends on a number of factors — the difficulty of the issue, the ability of the counsellees to express their ideas, and the quality of the counselling relationship.
Where this is so, people feel unable to express their pain and grief, their anger or fear; they will learn to be ashamed of the various ‘taboo’ feelings they have.
Within the process of group interaction, attitudes become apparent, opinions are expressed, and behaviour is displayed, all quite spontaneously within normal social conversation and discussion.
Groups can help members express their needs and feelings more safely; but equally important is the learning and insight that can be gained by the counsellor into the feelings and behaviour of the individual.
Counsellors should try to limit their direct contributions, but ensure that important issues are fully discussed and that real feelings are expressed rather than avoided.
One method of overcoming this is to encourage family members to use ‘I’ positioning (Bowen, 1978) in which people are expected to use ‘I’statements when expressing attitudes and feelings.
Violent and damaging words are used to express feelings, not intentions.
This involves developing explanations for particular actions or behaviours that have caused problems, expressed in terms that both parties can understand and recognize in more positive and acceptable ways.
These fears were expressed, under interrogation, by every male study subject beyond 40 years of age…
This is where counsellors can often take the opportunity of expressing some of their own thoughts, feelings and experiences as a means of legitimizing the subject for discussion.
CAUSE — means some express or positive mandate from the person ‘causing’ to the driver etc.
PERMITTING — means an express or implied permission and does not involve any order to take a vehicle on the roads.
‘Permit’ is not as precise a term as ‘cause’and denotes an express or inferred permission of a general or particular type.
if the vehicle is a public service vehicle, being a stage carriage or an express carriage being used otherwise than on an excursion on tour within the meaning of section 159(1) of the Transport Act, 1968, and the vehicle is waiting, after having proceeded past the zebra crossing in relation to which the zebra controlled area is indicated, for the purpose of  enabling persons to board or alight from the vehicle.
Here are several other suggestions that would make excellent messages for various occasions, and provide a very different way of expressing your feelings:
‘False alarm,’ he called to Bodie, who expressed disappointment.
So far their reaction to the take-over has been loudly-voiced support, and angrily expressed sentiments of violence, but no violence itself.
Feminism, particularly the maternalist feminism expressed by Catherine Marshall, long remained a powerful source of pacifist activism.
Expressing some frustration with the polite middle-class tone of the dominant peace organizations, the Peace Crusade built on its links with the Glasgow Women's Housing Association to organize daytime gatherings of housewives, soap-box meetings in working-class districts and mass open-air rallies.
Within the Labour party there was considerable suspicion of the League, expressed, above all, by the UDC intellectuals on whose expertise in foreign affairs the Party was heavily dependent in the 1920s.
Welcoming Lenin's New Economic Policy, he expressed the hope that the development of Anglo-Soviet trade would persuade Russia to ‘throw away the last shreds of Bolshevism and Communism  by which it is at present fettered.’
Twenty five years later, Bevan expressed his hostility to the EEC in terms redolent with the memory of 1930: ‘Are we now expected to go back almost a century, reject socialism, and clasp free trade to our bosom as though it were the only solution of our social evils?’
But liberal public opinion, as expressed through the Peace Ballot, had no time for such cautious realism.
The by-election provided a timely opportunity for even the least politically-minded people to express their disgust at the Munich settlement.
They were  supported by the press lord, Beaverbrook, and the combination of the Daily Worker and Daily Express created a unique political movement which still awaits its historian.
When viewing behaviour the firm is, in effect, given the benefit of the doubt and assumed to be operating in a competitive manner unless and until some cause for concern is expressed.
Some concern has also been expressed about the impact of conglomerate mergers on the economy and it is this issue which is addressed next.
Certainly the local community expressed overwhelming opposition to the BTR bid.
During the 1970s increasing concern was expressed about the performance of nationalised industries, many of which were monopolies, insulated from the pressures of the market and, therefore able to charge high prices.
However, after doubts had been expressed by certain of Nissan's executives, this proposal  was drastically scaled-down.
Concern has, however, been expressed about the overall impact of the Nissan plant on the rest of the motor industry and on the economy as a whole.
Concern was also expressed for the future of the British components industry if Ford showed less willingness to purchase British components than Austin Rover traditionally had done — thus any job losses could extend beyond the two firms engaged in the merger.
When the BAe/Rover deal was first announced, surprise was expressed and questions were raised about the reasons for BAe's interest in Rover.
Although more recent documents have been produced, a study of the main political parties' policies on tax, the social security system and poverty during the 1987 General Election campaign summarises clearly the different strands of opinion expressed during the 1980s.
For this reason fears have been expressed that rising house prices pose a major threat to price stability generally.
On this basis the position of region B has deteriorated with respect to region A. On the other hand one may say that for Region A, between year 1 and year 2, unemployment increased by 25 per cent(expressed as a percentage of unemployment in year 1) and for region B, unemployment increased by 20 per cent (expressed as a percentage of unemployment in year 1).
In June 1966 the late Derek Cross decided to photograph the Paddy — the nickname of the Euston to Stranraer express — at Pinmore.
At 1.47am he received the bell signal from Rose Hill Junction enquiring if the line was clear for the 2am target train, an express parcels and newspaper train.
From there the vans would be collected by the ex-Great Central Railway Fish Dock tankers (a little outside cylinder 0 — 6 — 0 side tank locomotive of a short-wheel base design for working the tight curves on the docks) and pushed up the fish jetty for loading with fish for despatch to such places as Leicester and Banbury as part of the express fish train service offered by the railway.
Interlocking would have prevented the signalman putting the signals for the express at ‘CLEAR’ yet it is strange that although both footplatemen on the express admitted not having seen the home signal on the approach to Charfield both men were equally emphatic that they had seen the proceeding distant signal and they said it was showing a green light and in the clear position.
However, the evidence of the fireman who was on the footplate of the engine that was hauling the express disproved the allegations of the railway company, for he had seen them together on the train after it had arrived at Birmingham New Street Station around 2.30 when the children had waved at him.
Fears were also expressed by some passengers that the tunnel might collapse while they were travelling through it or that they might suffocate from the lack of air because it was one and three quarter miles long!
Occasionally one of them would glance the youth's way as if expressing some general unease about him.
The Master and next of kin have expressed similar surprise so you're not alone.’
She was thankful that he said nothing to express the inner rage he must be feeling.
The result is a certain insularity which tends to be pervasive throughout the year, expressing itself in a fear and mistrust of strangers coupled with a fierce pride in the uniqueness of one's origins.
When I postulated that the environmentalists might have a case, they were horrified that I of all people should express such a view, when it had been clear to them from the start that I was different from the others (my sisters).
Although I remember the hurt vividly, none of the sentiments I have just expressed appear in my diary: again, it was a matter of pride.
Years later I was at first comforted to read that an adult man could express similar sentiments about himself: ‘When I consider others I can easily believe that their bodies express their personalities and that the two are inseparable.
I find his thesis correct in general, but should like to add that the corruption which amounts to violence is likely to be suppressed in someone who has been trained to be a good little girl and can, as one of his own case histories demonstrates, express itself in other, less overt, terms.
My insight into my own motivations in ‘choosing’ anorexia began when I read this statement: ‘Addiction, obesity, starvation (anorexia nervosa) are political problems, not psychiatric; each condenses and expresses a contest between the individual and some other person or persons in his environment over the control of the individual's body.’
Although I believe that hysteria, as classically defined, can provide only a part of the answer to the problem of anorexia nervosa, it is a starting-point and, in the light of Szasz's observation that ‘hysterical conversion is best regarded as a process of translation,’ I propose to translate the history of my own symptoms back into the language in which they were intended to be expressed.
I know that many girls who become anorexic set out with this express intention, and may even be able to persuade themselves that this is the sole cause (whole truth) of their subsequent condition.
Thus far the sub-text had a certain logic, but fear (or, rather, anxiety) can lead to panic, and the second part could have been expressed as, ‘I don't want to be a woman because I would rather be myself.’
The connection with neurosis was not unconscious, nor yet fully conscious in the sense that I could have expressed it verbally, but it was, in being unique, all-pervasive.
The two latter poems describe states of physical illness, but I think it is not unfair to quote them along with the former because all three only express in an overt form what is often expressed throughout her work: the connection between purity and superiority, the connection between purity and death.
Even as I was recording my triumphs over a hostile and alien world, I was also expressing such sentiments as, ‘Oh, it's not even worth writing down — the same, usual, dismal, tedious, boring story.’
And I could turn out imitative verse which expressed similar sentiments.
Instead, around this time, I tended to express feelings of impatience and boredom.
Food is to the body what friendship and community are to the psyche, and the world of nature to the  integrated personality expressed as body-and-psyche.
My secret eating was expressing what my secret writing (a misplaced oral activity) could not: my hatred towards those who oppressed me, my desperate sense of isolation.
It was also expressing, on the most literal level, my determination to survive.
Such an attitude is, of course, typical of the ‘oral personality’, as classically defined in the annals of psychoanalysis, and I think it is no coincidence that anorexics, who are almost invariably subject to heavily competitive pressures, should choose eating as the focal point for expressing the resulting conflicts.
And they both considered that dreams reflected the workings of the unconscious mind, Freud emphasising how dreams express repressed instincts, Jung investigating symbolism within them.
Person C : cynical, expresses views strongly, good raconteur, humorous, careful with money, bookish, pays lots of attention to detail should be : more sensitive to others, more generous with self and others, prepared to take more risks
The free child is the part that feels, wants, needs and expresses intuition, emotion and creativity.
To have and express feelings and opinions.
This formula can help you express messages that make you feel uncomfortable.
You must identify them and express them, otherwise frustration and anger build up.
You are expressing your personal responses, and speaking from the heart as much as from the head, so there is no need to try and paint an apparently ‘objective’ picture with appeal to the intellect.
For that reason, it's better to stick to a small number of clearly expressed reasons.
This approach can also help those people who feel a sense of threat from other people's opinions and so bulldoze them first so that others are prevented from expressing their views.
As this whole approach is to do with openness, its third part is to do with giving people information they need, with expressing your own thoughts and feelings and asking for help and advice when you need it.
If you have difficulty doing this, use your listening to ascertain what emotional response the speaker is feeling; then ask yourself whether you have a relevant emotional experience that you can offer as encouragement to help them express their response.
You may not feel comfortable with this style of influencing, because you find you are tentative about expressing enthusiasm and think it might be interpreted as naivety.
As far as drawbacks to this approach are concerned, enthusiasm is highly contagious, but people who don't express it themselves may find it embarrassing.
Cultural themes and values are expressed through the scope of words.
Express ourselves and to make ourselves understood by others.
Through talking we attempt to increase understanding, to express some of our needs and hopes, to influence, persuade and motivate others.
If we were to express this need openly and directly in social chit-chat we would risk offending others and we could expect a strong reaction in terms of them rejecting, over-powering or accepting us (in this instance their luck could be in).
To prevent them being expressed, you stage a pre-emptive strike.
By talking a lot, loudly, and expressing strong opinions early on, and frequently.
Comment : We often react in this way when we're unsure what emotional needs the other person is expressing, and how to deal with them.
When strong opinions are being expressed, ask for reasons.
If the dodging is being done to ignore expressed emotion, then keep expressing it: ‘Can I say again how anxious I feel about this?’
Sub-text : ‘I am here for you, to act as a sounding board expressing empathy.
Expressing your opinions and feelings
‘I have views which I would like to express.’
You may think that the advantages and benefits on offer are glaringly obvious — so obvious, in fact, that you don't need to express them.
If you can see puzzled faces, ask people whether you've expressed your message clearly enough.
Express your support for others and let people know when you agree or disagree, giving reasons why.
Remind yourself that your attacker may have poor communication skills — their aggression may be the only way they are able to express themselves.
Luke's purpose can be expressed in a simple diagram.
They express the belief that the early Christians had in and about Jesus.
The early Church used the miracles to express the belief that God was working among people through the Messiah.
The leper had a ‘praying faith’ which expressed itself in a plea or request:
The miracles express both the belief in a God who reaches out and ‘touches’— a God who can heal — and also the fact that not only healing but the whole message of Jesus is for all people.
Vocation, therefore, is expressed through the different aspects of life, for example, through marriage, work and relationships with others.
This prayer expresses the closest relationship between God and Jesus, as can be seen by the use of the word ‘Abba’.
She has accused the Catholic Church of condoning child abuse, and in the past has even expressed sympathy for the IRA.
Record company talent scouts in Dublin had already expressed an interest in her, but not the rest of the band.
VIRGIN supremo Richard Branson is the latest rich and famous identity to be lined up in the sites of photographer Annie Leibovitz on behalf of American Express.
And he didn't forget the man he had beaten, and to whom he acknowledged America owed a debt: ‘I want all of you to join with me tonight in expressing our gratitude to President Bush for his lifetime of public service, for the effort he made from the time he was a young soldier in the second world war, to helping to bring about an end to the Cold War, to our victory in the Gulf War, to the grace with which he conceded the results of this election tonight in the finest American tradition.’
Days later it is revealed a tape of a phone call between Diana and her friend James Gilbey exists in which Gilbey calls the Princess ‘Squidgy’ and expresses his love for her.
Mrs Major, a long-term admirer of Mr Jarvis, is reported to have written to him expressing her admiration.
And while admitting to being ‘pampered, cosseted and over-paid’, she dismissed reports that she will earn £300,000 a year from January, when she will front a new BBC show Entertainment Express, as untrue and exaggerated.
Perhaps rock star Bryan Adams, the victim of Selina's odd questioning on the Wogan show, offered the best explanation for the success Selina will be looking for when she interviews celebrities on Entertainment Express next year.
Orient Express, London,(071–928 6000).
AFTER working on opposite sides in the American presidential election, James Corville and his wife Mary Matalin have taken a romantic trip on the Orient Express from Paris to Venice.
I thought he'd be thrown but he went through them like an express train.’
Nothing expresses that better than joining together to sing traditional and patriotic songs.
The Duke of Edinburgh, who was baptised into the Greek Orthodoox Church, has already privately expressed a desire to return to the church of his birth, which is in communion with the Russian Orthodox Church.
Express Foods in £96m buy out
FOOD, drinks and retail giant GrandMet has sold off the dairy unit of Express Foods in a management buy-out worth £96m.
The deal represents the last part of GrandMet's £550m disposal of Express.
The buy-out team was led by Express managing director Roger Davenport with backing from outside investors.
Nat Express calms price war jitters
ROY McEnhill, boss of coach giant National Express, yesterday slammed talk that aggressive price-cutting by British Rail was battering his profits.
A spokesman for giant Unigate, which delivers to 1½m households via 2,800 milk rounds, expressed concern at proposals to abolish the Milk Marketing Board.
Coach company National Express is the main new issue before Christmas with details expected soon and printing group Hunters Armley is expected in December.
NATIONAL Express will be making its stock market debut at 165p a share.
Profits rose 24% to £68.4m on the back of last year's acquisition of Eden Vale and Express Dairies, with the divi up 5% to 3.4p.
Concern about the loophole has already been expressed by politicians and financial experts in the past.
It was the first time she had expressed any sympathy for the Daily Mirror pensioners.
‘I have always expressed my solidarity with my colleagues,’ he said.
‘Words cannot express how I feel about this man.
The card would allow people to set out their wish to decline life-prolonging treatment, while able to express a view.
Other supporters of the move expressed joy at the outcome and concern for those who felt disappointed by it.
ALAN DAVIES was being sincere when he expressed his sympathy for an Irish team exposed in this record home crushing as second rate.
Clough said: ‘We have expressed an interest in Webb but that's hardly surprising.
That is one of the theories expressed by many why Hoddle was never given the freedom Gascoigne is now enjoying.
Tottenham directors also expressed ‘dismay’ at Scholar's version of events at White Hart Lane when he was chairman.
They then bet: 5–2 Bradbury Star, 6–1 Docklands Express, 7–1 Pat's Jester.
But the £1.7 million winger has made an express recovery from a hernia operation and could return at the City Ground.
They then began to light bonfires, expressing their delight.
The editor of Nature among others has expressed concern that the young will equate some of the farce of test-tube fusion as typical of science and be discouraged from pursuing this career.
The Daily Express announced ‘Shock for Britain, ZETA is not the success claimed’.
The arrangement was that they would all meet at the Federal Express Office in Salt Lake City Airport and send the papers off together to Nature .
Optimistic that they were on the right track, but aware that much still had to be done, first thing on the morning of Monday, 13 March Fleischmann sent a fax to Harwell and then talked on the phone the next day remarking that their information was incomplete, that they had much more to do before they would be confident enough and expressing irritation that they were being ‘rushed into premature publication’.
Fleischmann certainly was concerned about the momentum of events; the news from Harwell magnified this and he expressed to some colleagues his nervousness and wish that the press conference could be stopped.
Knowing a bit about Devonians I expressed no particular interest but commented on their rustiness and on the difficulty of getting spares for such old equipment.
‘And so we express our deep sympathy to Jane and our thanks for the life of Nigel, a life we shall miss very much.
Luckily I turned out to be reasonably fluent and uninhibited when expressing my own thoughts and feelings.
The rest of the traders, however, again expressed shock/horror at the very idea and were usefully sententious with it.
The many other points made, and reasons given, are best, I think, left to my correspondents themselves to express; here is a further sample of the most recurrent.
Next of kin and mourners are treated like morons who really shouldn't be there, as they only delay things and interfere with their role, and any change suggested, or interest expressed in the proceedings by the mourners, is totally unacceptable.
I so wish that our love and respect for the deceased could have been expressed openly, and with joy and gratitude the way yours was.
Another greatly pleasurable result of the broadcast was that it put me in touch with colleagues of his, and their wives, in the lighthouse business, several of whom wrote me the kindest letters expressing the most heart-warming comments.
In this situation the next-of-kin really is in a state of total shock and incapable of cogent thought and should therefore be given every opportunity to express whatever grief is felt that will help to assuage their loss.
Interestingly, the only doubts that Western scientists seemed to express about the viability of the project concerned this deadline.
‘They are quite stupid ,’ said the Thing, and managed to express disdain without actually having anything to express it with.
Despite her privately expressed views on the Mozarts, the empress received them courteously enough, but no appointment was forthcoming.
Here, for the first time, Mozart demonstrated to the full his superlative skill in making music a medium for the expression of human emotions — in such highlights as Ilia's aria ‘Padre, germani, addio’, which expresses her conflict between love for her enemy and duty to her native country; Idomeneus' aria ‘Fuor del mar’, in which the king describes how, although he is physically safe, his mind is still storm-tossed by dark forebodings; and the masterly quartet ‘Andrò rammingo e solo’— one of the great operatic ensembles of all time — in which four characters all express different emotions.
In a private postscript added surreptitiously to one of Wolfgang's letters home from Paris, Frau Mozart had also expressed her anxieties about her son's infatuation with the Webers; as soon as Wolfgang met someone new, he seemed at once ready to dedicate himself to them body and soul, without thinking of his own interests.
Nonetheless, although Wolfgang ends his letter (dated 4 April) by expressing the desire to come to his dying father's arms ‘as soon as is humanly possibly’, he did not do so.
I read it through twice: a general's serialized memoirs; a critical article which expressed disappointment with new books from two leading novelists.
It's quite obvious I must cancel the Express and start taking The Times .
It seemed to her that she had never seen so many people as there were on that platform, waiting for the Rome express to arrive.
Constance had been sound asleep for an hour before the double-engined train began to jerk laboriously out of the station, leaving many travellers on the platform to wait who knew how long for the next express.
Happy when they were together, when she was left alone she fretted, missing his presence and the way the light moved round his body as he enthusiastically used every inch of it to express the slightest emotion.
The only outlet through which we dared to express our distress was sharing our fantasies of burning down our school!
Surrounded as I was by supremely negative images of homosexuality such as‘the man in the dirty mac living out a lonely old age in a filthy garret’, I still felt that there was for me a clear choice between expressing or repressing my homosexual desire.
Expressing it would entail at least the possibility of a glimpse of happiness and fulfilment.
For me it wasn't just a question of being at ease with my homosexuality: I was more concerned with the way in which that sexuality expressed itself.
But it is important to remember that there were those colleagues who expressed their hostility not through obstruction or outright opposition, but through silence.
The Working Party helped me to express my lesbianism in a positive way in that I could come out, and it helped me to deal with the suspicion and fears of colleagues Black and white, gay or straight, male or female.
Two men held a long argument about whether the whole thing was an establishment plot to repress gay men's right to a freely expressed sexuality.
Fury was expressed at the idea that some gay men might have to change their sexual habits and scorn poured on the idea of trying to tell that to the callers.
Councillors at the planning meeting had expressed worries that nitrates would be released into the river Stour when effluent from the plant flowed into the river.
Although Her Majesty's Railway Inspectorate has expressed concern over driver's behaviour at automatic barriers, it believes they offer the best blend of safety and cost efficiency.
Despite the high profile launch, just a few months later the audience of Eldorado was only 2.4 million people, ‘fewer than Gardeners World ,’ as the Daily Express pointed out.
NALGO has expressed concern at the effect of job losses recently announced by British Gas Eastern.
LINGFIELD: 2.10 Express Service, 2.40 Stardust Express, 3.10 Awesome Power, 3.40 Debacle, 4.10 Comet Whirlpool, 4.40 Spanish Refuge.
8.02 (440m): Jans Joy, Opencast, Orchardstown Jet (W), Fleadh Express (W), Shamrock Flash (W), Adeyfield Dream (W).
Docklands Express was the best backed horse in the Gold Cup today.
Surprisingly he must take part in the qualifying section of the Daily Express Newspapers and Pursers inaugural British Squash Players' Championship to be played between March 23 and 28 at Bromley, Beckenham and Cheshunt.
5: Also, the French government's Directorate for Safety has just expressed grave concern at the recent discovery of radioactive leaks in 50pc of the steel-nickel domes of its PWRs.
Mrs Priestley said they did not yet know the identity of the donor but she and her husband would like to express their gratitude to the donor's family.
Concern was also expressed about the suitability of the materials for the historic site, and car parking for extra staff.
Two people living near the pit had written to the council expressing concern the changes had already started.
Detectives in Colchester expressed concern for Lisa's safety following her disappearance and revealed that she was known to be upset over personal problems.
Getting there is relatively easy — Nick's train ticket cost £140 and he travelled direct from London on the Warsaw Express .
THE £3 billion Channel Tunnel high-speed rail link and the £300 million Heathrow Express line are to go ahead, Chancellor Norman Lamont announced yesterday.But the future of the £1.7 billion cross-London rail link Crossrail appeared less certain with Mr Lamont saying the scheme was now going to be a joint venture between the public and private sectors.The much-delayed 68-mile Channel Tunnel fast link will not go into London's King's Cross station as British Rail hoped, but instead will terminate at neighbouring St Pancras — a less expensive option.But Mr Lamont did say that Government money would be put into the scheme which could be completed by the end of the decade.The 15-mile Paddington-Heathrow fast link — a joint venture between BR and airport operator BAA — will be started later this year and should be finished by the second half of 1997.
For example, Mr Lamont referred to the unemployed, expressing his deepest sympathy for them, and promising to do something to help.
Since 1962 they have had very few opportunities to express their opinions in the national press, and even less on radio and television.
As members of a minority faith group in a predominantly Muslim country, Christian writers and publishers strive to express their beliefs without compromise, while at the same time maintaining an open dialogue with all sectors of the population.
He nevertheless expressed the hope that Christian writers would be able to work free from the constraints of prejudice and censorship.
The assumption has been that a communication worker who is imbued by his/her faith will inevitably wish to express it in a manner which is sensitive, sincere and creative.
Is the fact that so few old people seem to express such strong positive feelings in itself significant of social, cultural and emotional deprivation?
Poets often express fear of ageing in terms of loss of physical beauty and sexual powers.
On occasions, current behaviour is simply a  repetition of long-standing family patterns, as for example when there has been marital conflict expressed in physical violence or where a mentally ill son or daughter has had periodic outbursts of physical aggression.
consider and take into account the wishes expressed by the elderly person and assess that person's needs;
Practical consciousness describes the occasions when a person knows about the situation he or she is in, and how to behave appropriately, but expresses this in actions or perhaps clichéd words.
Such desires are easily understood and expressed as conscious wishes-'I'd really like to be closer to my sister'.
Sometimes this link can be explored by careful questioning to convert routines back into verbally expressed desires.
Tyndale was nervous, and, when Vaughan offered him the King's promise of safety if he returned to England, he expressed his fear that the promise might be broken on the persuasion of the clergy, who would affirm that promises made with heretics need not be kept.
This was expressed with cheerful humility.
In setting himself such a standard, Herbert sought to fulfil the ambition expressed when he was ordained: ‘Though the iniquity of the late times have made clergymen meanly valued and the sacred name of priest contemptible; yet I will labour to make it honourable, by consecrating all my learning and all my poor abilities to advance the glory of God that gave them.’
This was not only because, in Walton's words, his poems ‘had comforted and raised many disjected and discomposed souls and charmed them into sweet and quiet thoughts’; he was honoured too for his loyalty to the middle way between the excesses of Rome and the austerities of the Puritans, which he expressed with such affection in his poem ‘The British Church’:
He had dedicated the book to Bishops Duppa and Warner without their permission; both expressed their indignation.
That artistry was expressed above all in his devotional writing and in his sermons.
A typical view was expressed in a guide-book to Bedfordshire by the Revd Thomas Cox in 1721: ‘John Bunyan, author of the Pilgrim's progress, and several other little books of an antinomian spirit, too frequently to be met with in the hands of the common people, was, if we mistake not, a brazier of Bedford.’
Earl Cowper, the Deputy Lord Lieutenant of Bedfordshire, ‘expressed the humiliation and shame which he felt when he reflected on his Church's treatment of Bunyan’.
It was not only the Tractarians who expressed their admiration.
Write to the Prime Minister of India, expressing your concern about the widespread use of torture by the security forces to interrogate and intimidate detainees.
PRISONERS of Conscience Orton and Vera Chirwa, whose case was highlighted by Amnesty's 30th Anniversary Campaign, are still in detention after being unfairly tried and jailed in 1983 for expressing their non-violent political beliefs.
AI has repeatedly expressed concern about the case to the Tunisian Government since October 1991 but the Tunisian authorities have continued to insist that Faisal Barakat had never been arrested and that he died in a road accident.
Williams was adopted by AI as a prisoner of conscience, detained for expressing his conscientiously held beliefs.
This opinion is contained in a letter of reply in Spanish to AI members who had written to the Mexican authorities in late 1991 expressing concern about the ‘disappearance’ of Jose Ramon.
THE MEXICAN National Commission of Human Rights also replied to AI members' letters which expressed concern about the use of torture in Mexico.
Whilst many people have written to say that they found the letter itself to be interesting and factual, the view has also been forcefully expressed that the quotation on the envelope implies a view that rape is somehow wrong, and to be opposed, only or primarily insofar as it may reduce a woman's chances of marriage.
The sentiment expressed on the envelope represented the voice of the mother of two of the victims.
458 new urgent actions (UAs) were issued by the IS, as well as 89 EXTRAS (Express Transmission for Rapid Action); the last two months of 1991 were exceptionally busy, with 100 new UA's issued.
expressing your hope that these convictions signal the determination of the Guatemalan government not to tolerate any further human rights abuses, no matter who the perpetrators, and that they represent merely a first step in a concentrated programme of government action intended to return Guatemala to the rule of law;
expressing concern at ‘Abd al-Ra'uf Ghabin's most recent arrest and asking for the reasons that lead to it;
DORJE WANGDU: a 33-year-old electrician from Lhasa, he received a three-year term of ‘re-education through labour’, without charge or trial, in September 1991, for peacefully expressing support for the Dalai Lama, Tibet's Buddhist leader-in-exile, and for possessing ‘reactionary’ documents.
Exchange in such a  commodity with Spain may explain the amount of Anglo-Saxon metalwork in the Bordeaux region of south-west France (Leeds 1953), as at Herpes-en-Charente, as well as the Frankish interest in the area expressed by the campaigns of Clovis from the late fifth century onwards (James 1977).
You like to express your individuality.
And make-up is one way of expressing that individuality.
‘Anita has the storyteller's gift’THE DAILY EXPRESS
Your eyes express everything.
Car of the Year sponsored by the following publications: Stern, L'Equipe, AM, Sunday Express Magazine, VI Bilagare, Autopista, Auto Visie.
Views expressed in OECD Economic Studies are those of the authors, and do not necessarily reflect those of the OECD or its Member governments.
It allowed him to take words that already existed and yet express himself in a completely new way.
Auto Express did not mince its words: ‘It's difficult to see how much more Ford could have done to improve a car that was already very good.’
The Daily Express was equally enthusiastic: ‘…glides over bumps like a mini-limousine’.
We are also planning the Heathrow Express rail link which will take just 16 minutes from Paddington.
But more often than not, it could have gone Swiftair international express to virtually any destination.
The Swiftair express service is available at your local post office or via your company collection.
Our complimentary limousine airport service, express checking-in and out, super deluxe comforts and the undivided attention of a butler service are yours to enjoy.
A choice of two cruises — Departures in October 1990 (return option from Venice on the Orient Express).
On the return from Venice you will again fly (or coach), or having enjoyed three extra nights in a superb hotel in Venice, you will return on the world-famous and exclusively chartered Orient Express train.
The aeromagnetic database was augmented by the incorporation of a number of digital survey sets, and improvements were made to its structure in order to accommodate different map projections and additional magnetic field parameters: all records now include locations expressed as geographical coordinates as well in a local grid system.
Depending on the nature of the rock units involved, structures may be better expressed in either the gravity or the magnetic data.
In particular it will help to resolve the deep paradox that has already surfaced in this book and will continue to do so: how it is that the same features of individuality can be expressed in such totally disparate forms.
This is especially true of certain psychiatric writers who, drawing on the concepts of psychodynamic psychology, have devoted considerable attention to the nature of the creative process and, in the course of doing so, have expressed an opinion about the idea.
However, like many genetically determined characteristics — some of which indeed may be responsible for illness or deviance — such dispositions may not be expressed, or, if they are, expressed in incomplete form, or even revealed in qualities which at first sight seem distant from, even unconnected with, the pathology for which they are otherwise responsible.
For example, expressed guilt may be so deep as to become delusional, generalised to the point where the individual believes that he or she is personally responsible for some major catastrophe or for all of the evil that exists in the world.
Invulnerability may be achieved and expressed in several ways, of which one is the flight into creativity.
His friend Dr Burney, not a Cambridge man, expressed similar concern at Smart's lack of discretion: ‘While he was the pride of Cambridge and the chief poetical ornament of that University, he ruined himself by returning the tavern treats of strangers who had invited him as a wit and an extraordinary personage, in order to boast of his acquaintance’.
A letter from Thomas Gray to his friend Mason on 18 January expresses surprise that ‘poor Smart is not dead as was said’.
In assuming the mantle of David and writing his own psalms, he may even be expressing in this work a sense of identification with David as a type of Christ.
Going through Joe's mind as he mounted the stairs were thoughts which were very similar, except that he expressed his in a slightly different way.
The three authors, all former Red Guards (Li Yi Zhe was their collective pen name) had been arrested for expressing their radical views in ‘On Socialist Democracy and the Legal System’, although at first Deng Xiaoping and Zhao Ziyang had suggested that they supported the main ideas of the poster.
There were indeed some pro-democracy activists who openly expressed the idea of abolishing the leading role of the party and dismantling the state machinery in favour of creating more democratic structures.
Some views expressed at this time were not dissimilar to those of the ‘Li Yi Zhe’ document, whose authors were released in February 1979.
The candidates, while not openly supporting dissidents like Wei Jingsheng, nevertheless all favoured democratic reform and expressed only cautious optimism about the Deng-led regime.
‘Knowledge is useless’, was a familiar sentiment expressed by downhearted young people.
The students in this respect were merely showing support for the official position and expressing their patriotism, but they went too far in their protest action.
It appeared that students all over China were on edge and quite willing to express their numerous grievances, encouraged by leading intellectuals and various ‘factions’ within the party itself.
Students were perturbed that their new-found ‘freedom’ to express themselves was to be revoked by the old men running the country.
Students openly expressed their opposition to these orders.
In a ceremony designed to attract publicity and express their anger about the official media, students in Beijing burned copies of the People's Daily , the Beijing Daily , the Red Flag and some other journals on 5 January.
The authorities expressed their concern but promises to improve conditions seemed only konghua ,(empty words).
CCTV had to weigh up the demands for the series to be repeated with the views expressed by some Party members that ‘Heshang’ was subversive and dangerous.
In an interview in Zhongguo Qingnian Bao on 16 August, Su Xiao Kang, one of the writers of the series, talked about the concerns which were expressed by the authorities and the pressures to make some changes before the repeats.
The message was being clearly expressed that the students were increasingly dissatisfied with the Deng-led regime and were ready to speak out.
The dazibao also expressed the desire for freedom of speech, stating that, ‘intellectuals cannot be silenced any longer’.
The young teachers, recently assigned to their posts, perhaps felt they had little to lose by openly expressing their grievances because their salaries and living standards were low.
June 1988 gave them an opportunity to express their grievances, seriously unnerving the struggling pro-reform Party leadership.
He expresses no doubts, knows precisely what is required and will set about the job with the same approach as he would building a house.
I am writing to express my sincere thanks to the rescue services who, on Saturday, January 26, rescued my injured partner Stuart Adam from Winter Corrie, Glen Clova.
‘As we can see’ continued a confident Miss N'Grabbit, ‘with the body of current parental opinion expressing dissatisfaction with dangerous and violent leisure pursuits, a sizeable gap has appeared in the marketplace for our products.
Electrification and The Cree are separate routes, despite some doubt expressed in the guide.
Simone de Beauvoir expressed great irritation when someone implied that anyone could have written The Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter .
It is also said that girls are more verbally adept and can express complex concepts more readily than boys.
She is expressing herself against the popular wisdom concerning her sex.
With whom did I feel most open and confident about expressing myself in words?
With the other pen, underline the parts you are not satisfied with, the phrases that fall short of expressing your meaning.
Lawrence could express the strongest emotion through dialogue that used dialect — as in this section from John Thomas and Lady Jane .
Just as we, in our writing, have to find the words that fit what we are trying to  express, the most appropriate words, so the characters in a story, novel or poem also have to discover the language that is fitting.
I shall express myself as I am.
I felt elated, and I think the other passengers did too, that the taboo against expressing oneself on the tube had been temporarily broken.
When I say it like that I'm struck by how near that is to Pope's ‘What e'er was thought /But ne'er so well expressed’ definition of poetry.
That is to say, he could think through those ideas and feelings and in theory he could say them aloud but his shyness and his social position and the conventions about men expressing their feelings would have prevented him.
I can see Stephen and Davin thinking these things about one another but find it hard to imagine them expressing them aloud — if they existed as real people.
We often hear people say ‘I can't express how I felt’ or ‘Words are inadequate.’
Expressed as a percentage of heat output to heat input, thermal efficiency for these types of fires normally spans a range from 20% (poor, above average running costs) to 70–80% (good, very economical).
It has been pointed out that, far from reinforcing grammatically correct speech, adults typically respond to children's utterances in terms of their perceived communicative value and the intentions which they seem to express.
However, studies of children's communicative abilities prior to the onset of spoken language have indicated that the origins of communication may be traced back to the earliest days after birth, and that full mastery of the morpho-syntactic devices for expressing complex meanings may not be fully understood until early adolescence.
When conceptual distinctions are expressed in language they are referred to as semantic  relations .
While emphasising the interdependence between semantic expres-sions and underlying cognitive concepts, this approach also implies that not all of a child's understanding of a particular experience may be expressed in language, and that a child may intend to express more than she is actually able to encode formally in language structures.
The child's problem is to figure out the precise way in which the conceptual categories established during the sensori-motor stage map on to the semantic categories which are expressed in adult speech (Edwards 1973).
While it may be true that, in speaking, children frequently express in words underlying conceptual distinctions, a number of researchers have suggested that the ability to use language to communicate needs, interests and desires to other people presupposes another, rather different, set of developmental abilities.
She is placed in an ideal position to appreciate that actions and gestures can in fact be used deliberately to express social meanings (Newson 1979).
Similarly, contextual support and existing levels of shared understanding about routines mean that the adult is well placed to endow a child's utterance with meanings which extend or elaborate on those expressed.
In contrast, when the child is having difficulty, the adult may need to make more frequent contributions of a different kind in order to help the child express her ideas in words.
In contrast to the grammarian's concern to represent language as a rule-governed system for expressing meanings, recent psychological studies of children's language have increasingly addressed language as part of a larger social process broadly concerned with the regulation of joint activity.
The meanings expressed by specific words are only appre-hended as a result of the effects which are achieved when they are used.
This view was most effectively expressed by writers such as G.H. Mead (1934) and L.S. Vygotsky (trans. 1962, 1978) over 50 years ago.
This approach also suggests that the most important language is that which represents the child's attempts to express her own needs and intentions rather than language which arises as the child tries to express ideas supplied by the teacher.
It should also be recognised that while this chapter has stressed the view of language as a process, it is nevertheless the case that, at some point, children do reach a level of mastery where it makes sense to describe them as having acquired knowledge of an abstract set of rules which can be used to express meanings.
Therapeutic recommendations involve moving beyond a description and interpretation of the child's difficulties, and expressing a commitment to a theoretical framework concerning how changes can be initiated or accelerated.
For example, in discussing the way in which normal children develop language, Slobin (1973) has suggested that new functions are first learned using existing language forms or structures and, conversely, new forms or structures are first used to express well-established functions.
Descriptions which focus on meaning are concerned with the way in which conceptual understanding is expressed in language and functional descriptions are concerned with the relationship between language and the social context in which it occurs.
Correlations are expressed in terms of a figure between 0 and 1, with 0 indicating no agreement between the scores and 1 indicating perfect agreement.
This test (Fenn 1979) was designed to determine whether a child who is able to understand single words can also understand the relationships which are expressed by different forms of word order.
The stimulus may be expressed orally, through signs, or in writing.
The test scores can be expressed as standardised scores, age equivalents or as percentile ranks.
The expressive scale begins with an examination of the child's use of words to express emotional states and in response to specific situations — for example, ‘ta’ on taking something — and proceeds to explore the child's command of simple vocabulary items through picture naming and in response to requests for definitions — for example , ‘What is a shop?’
The final part of the language expression scale calls upon the child to describe pictures where scoring is determined by the number of ideas expressed.
This advantage is somewhat abstract, but can be expressed as a more concrete example: it would be easy to write a tool that extracted all the book titles referenced in a document.
There is, in addition, a heavy emphasis on personal research expressed in terms of contributions to major group projects.
At times authors may want to express concepts and relations that a semantic net does not support.
It therefore seems necessary, to exploit the full power of hyper-text, to have some machine model expressing semantic detail of the documents held with a full abstract specification of the data-types involved and a multi-level architecture similar to that of a DBMS.
MODELS FOR EXPRESSING DYNAMIC ASPECTS OF TRAIL MANAGEMENT
MODELS FOR EXPRESSING STATIC ASPECTS OF TRAIL MANAGEMENT
The anger of the people (especially African-Americans) is totally understandable, but they shouldn't have destroyed their own communities to express their anger’— Heavy D
In the Sixties, women had that kind of confidence and wanted to express themselves in that way.
People find her inspiring because she expresses something that is sophisticated beyond the clothing.
The futuristic vision of hypnotic living and machine sex was imported from Europe: from Germany came Kraftwerk with ‘Autobahn’ and ‘Trans-Europe Express’; from France came Jean-Marc Cerrone with ‘Supernature’and from the South Tyrol, crucially placed in the centre of Germany, Italian, Swiss and German culture, came Giorgio Moroder with Donna Summer's ‘Love To Love You Baby’and ‘I Feel Love’.
Beyond this, no other anxieties were expressed.
So the nature of the domestic organisation, or disorganisation, the roles adopted, the division of tasks within a family, the ways of communicating, and expressing feelings verbally and non-verbally, must all be taken into account in exploring the significance of interaction.
Society is ambivalent about recognising that elderly people have a legitimate wish to continue to express their sexuality in physical ways.
In residential homes a couple who want to live together and express themselves sexually have in the past received ridicule if not hostility, instead of facilitated support.
It is built around the respect, empathy and warmth expressed by the social worker for the client.
Warmth should be expressed verbally, and occasionally with elderly people physical demonstrations of affection and concern are appropriate.
The worker's personal feelings may need to be acknowledged first, before it is possible to embark on the kind of work in which a couple of the generation of the worker's parents or grandparents are encouraged to express their sexuality and personal needs.
You may not feel able either to explain or express your own anger.
In the very strongest language, which can rightly be called anger, Jesus expresses his seven woes against religious leaders who put religiosity before worship of the true and living God (cf. Matt. 23).
Expressing anger
His example shows us that it matters how our  anger is expressed, and that it should not be left to simmer unattended.
Those who like Jenny in our case-study find themselves avoiding conflict at all costs, never facing up to issues, never expressing hurt or anger for fear of what it might release in others, need to do some work on this point.
Paul's point about anger is that anger needs to be expressed and controlled.
But these reactions are a later development when anger has begun to take the system over and commandeer all its ways of expressing displeasure.
For I ask it in the name of Jesus, who himself was not afraid to express anger, but who has taught and shown the world the supreme nature of love.
She feels deeply rejected by a man who was in fact very shy, and apparently found it extremely hard to express himself affectionately.
Negative expectations, often expressed by comparisons of one child with another, get under the skin and stay there.
A child can be encouraged to express feelings in words, and his or her constructive contributions are recognised and appreciated.
They'd felt them, expressed them, but never seriously aimed to resolve them.
Thus if both partners have a commitment to listening and responding swiftly when conflict strikes, the permission to express emotion will be a healthy safety valve for the relationship, and a vital part of its ongoing maintenance.
The next stage in this strategy for expressing the strains which give rise to hurt and resentment concerns a mutual agreement not to hurt, attack or retaliate.
If you tend to express your anger with your actions, by seeing your committed efforts to modify your responses, your partner will be that much more encouraged to speak openly with the belief that he or she will receive a real and fair hearing.
Rather, they have two concerns: the first, which they share with Chapter 5, is with the sexism of linguistic science, as expressed in various assumptions and practices; while the second is with the political significance of sex difference itself.
They state their opinions and express disagreement explicitly.
For instance, someone who expresses her opinion of a friend's appearance very vaguely may be suspected of doing so in order to be polite (saving others' face is a common motive for vagueness, untruthfulness and withholding information).
He realises that A is expressing general solidarity, acknowledging his contribution.
Suppose for instance we hypothesise that cooperative conversationalists would ask others for their opinion very frequently and regularly express agreement.
Or that people often express agreement (as speaker A in extract (1) does when he says ‘Yes, it's an enormous problem’) as part of a more general disagreeing strategy?
When you attend a feminist group or meeting, you soon learn that interruption, talking too much, raising your voice, vehemently disagreeing with others, expressing hostility and so forth are not acceptable behaviour.
On the other hand, it is desirable that you express solidarity, give way to other speakers and tolerate long silences if they occur.
Typically, in any variety of a language there are items that can be expressed more than one way.
For feminists, one interesting implication of the idea that Trudgill puts forward, and of his findings, is that gender allegiance seems to be at least as powerful for men (in the attitudes they express, if not in their behaviour) as class allegiance.
If one wants to be powerful, it is useful to appear invulnerable; such things as crying, showing emotion and expressing intimacy connote weakness.
The aim of this approach is to reduce the meaning of a word to a series of so-called ‘primitive features’ which are expressed as [+ x]or [-x].
Feminists in particular have had reason to express their puzzlement.
While Comrie goes on to add that this particular phenomenon is relatively rare, it is nevertheless suggestive, fitting a broader pattern in which grammatical distinctions map on to and express social ones.
For example, one sage quoted by Bodine railed against the custom of saying that X and Y were married, or worse, that Mr X was married to Miss Y. Propriety would be better served, he pointed out, if this fact were always expressed in terms of the woman being married to the man, since it is the woman who is passed from father to husband and loses her identity.
The sexism we looked at in Chapter 5 was expressed in both lay and expert systems for analysing language.
It is words rather than meanings that are problematic; in fact, the point of reform is to ensure that words express what speakers ‘really mean’ rather than unfortunately  conveying something speakers do not intend.
Is this just a way of expressing friendliness?
Women should have no sexual desires whereas men should be insatiable; if women get out of line by expressing autonomous desire or refusing to cater to men's, they will be censured.
As the British conservative Roger Scruton rather inelegantly expresses his own indignation about feminist linguistic reform, ‘Each of us inherits in language the wisdom of many generations.
Over recent years considerable concern has been expressed over the introduction of new diseases caused by bacteria and viruses in particular.
Dick expressed his great sorrow at the news of LF363 and said that he had a very soft spot for it, having ‘cut his teeth’ on that Hurricane during his days with BBMF.
Based at Hal Safi, across the road from Luqa International Airport, Malta, is NCA International Ltd, a company that have expressed their faith in the Caribou and have developed a name as a specialist in the type.
Sydney said that he was very pleased that someone should want to take the time, money and effort to operate a Great War aerodrome and expressed his thanks to Torquil, Vic and all that had made it possible…
EXPRESS YOURSELF!
Our regular look at ways to give your hair a new twist and express a different side of your personality.
The company recently took part in the exciting Venice Simplon Orient Express Challenge — the Paul Mitchell Systems Car, driven by Simon Le Bon and Paul Stewart, managed to beat the train and arrived in Venice before the Orient Express!
The following case history of a family with many problems is expressed in the words of a social services case conference report.
They have little or no sexual contact and only rarely do they express their feelings for each other.
Many more objective aims or goals could be expressed.
Keith needs play therapy to stop his rage by expressing his frustration and bringing it out into the open.
From the earliest point of development babies express the discomfort of hunger, wetness, boredom or whatever by crying and, if ignored, screaming with bodily gyrations.
In order for parents to express these worries, however, the child must at some time have produced actual behaviour.
Now you have a list of four or five objectively expressed problems.
(Your list of five should be pretty much the same apart from how the problems are expressed.)
The antecedents were difficult to express.
This is the first opportunity to express explicitly an advisory, demonstration-type role.
They have little or no sexual contact and only rarely do they express their feelings for each other.
In initial discussion Mr and Mrs Smith expressed their main problem in broad terms as being that they did not seem to get on well: they were always ‘at each other 's throats’.
All of the family members should be encouraged to put forward their viewpoint even if it differs from that expressed by others.
Parents may be able to express their concern in the clinic while they just get angry and irritated at home.
She expressed intense feelings of irritation and anger at this which were denied by her husband.
Not only should the parent feel able to express upset at the child's behaviour but equally the child needs to be able to do this towards the parent.
Some therapists express concern that a child may become addicted to earning stickers and that it may be difficult to wean them off charts.
Immature speech in the very young child or delayed speech can interfere with the child's ability to express needs and desires and create a sense of frustration.
to help mother express more appropriate feelings towards Darren, to show anger as well as affection
He was able to express his own upset at his mother's absence and said that he thought she had gone away because he had been naughty.
With a typically Parsonian neologism, ‘value-science integrate’, he expresses a connection between values and objective knowledge.
Thus the form of dominant ideas is to express social relations in terms of the interests of the dominant classes as if they were the common interest.
There is also the possibility of practice expressing the free will of the individual even though it has no other form of expression than the appearances available to consciousness.
At the same time,objectively it by-passes the essence of the evolution of society and fails to pin-point it and express it adequately.
From the point of view of the relation of consciousness to society this contradiction is expressed as the irreconcilable antagonism between ideology and economic base .
However, Goldmann suggests objectivity is only available to the individual; by effecting a synthesis of elements of truth from the perspectives of different classes and by preserving elements of understanding already expressed by other thinkers but abandoned under the influence of social, economic or political changes, the individual may be able to ‘arrive in the realm of scientific thought’(Goldmann 1969: 58).
Here Althusser attempts to analyse the general form of ideology as opposed to theorizing particular ideologies ‘which in whatever their form (religious, ethical, legal, political), always express class positions’(Althusser 1971: 150).
The first thesis is more difficult in that it does not express ideology as mere illusion nor as a reflection of real conditions.
Indeed, the identification of meaning with the material form of language (words, sentences, speech) is a precondition of ordinary language use; to use language is to trust it as a tool that expresses meaning.
(as the study of the symbolic function, expressed in language, so strikingly indicates)— it is necessary and sufficient to grasp the unconscious structure underlying each institution and each custom, in order to obtain a principle of interpretation valid for other institutions and other customs, provided of course that the analysis is carried far enough.
the incest prohibition expresses the transition from the natural tact of consanguinity to the cultural fact of alliance.
That's an amazing 1,639,369 EXTRA copies over the three days — more than the whole circulation of the Daily Express and bigger than the combined sale of the Daily Star and Today.
The figures prove that managers taking part in the survey were right to express fears that the new-look health service has increased admin costs and added bureaucracy.
Today's question is: What is the name of the famous French express train?
EURO Express, who pioneered day trips to Eastern Europe, is offering a special Daybreak to Prague on Tuesday October 13 for £159 inclusive.
‘I think Michael Jackson is a very talented man,’ she tells top rock magazine New Musical Express.
Roger Gamlin of Amtrak Express Parcels explains: ‘We look for a sales-oriented person with the ability to gain new customers.
Beaverbrook, 40, grandson of the founder of the Express newspaper group, has until November 9 to sort out his financial affairs.
‘This was obviously his way of expressing his displeasure,’ Mr Woodcock said.
Maniacs put these two metal benches in front of a 90mph express
MANIAC hooligans prepared to kill hurled two iron benches in front of a 90mph express train.
His son James said: ‘I can't find words to express what I feel about the people who did this.
But Sunday Express editor Eve Pollard — known to TV viewers as a regular panellist on David Frost's Through The Keyhole game show — hit back: ‘We stand by the quotes attributed to the Princess Royal.’
For he is a close friend of 47-year-old Miss Pollard and her husband, Daily Express editor Sir Nicholas Lloyd.
And the two Express newspapers are the Tories' most loyal supporters in Fleet Street.
On September 6 the Sunday Express published on its front page a story concerning the Princess Royal which quoted her as making certain statements.
Miss Pollard — also a TV fashion commentator at events like Royal Ascot — added: ‘While the Sunday Express has no wish for a dispute with Buckingham Palace we do not believe it would be proper to publish what amounts to a correction.’
The winner is the one who gets closest to a passing express.
COACH company National Express is banning smoking from November.
The firm, which carries more than 12 million people to more than 1,200 destinations a year, claims 90 per cent of its passengers prefer smoke-free express travel.
Four months later, Mr Mellor, then part of the Government's Treasury team, wrote expressing his concern at the amount he still owed.
Mr Major's reply expressed ‘deep regret’.
A London-Leeds express travelling in the opposite direction hit the open door and both trains made emergency stops.
And half of all women think they are BETTER than men at money matters, says a survey of 1,000 women by Good Housekeeping magazine with American Express.
And a spokesman said: ‘We've expressed our concern already to Mr Williams.
‘If my brother Reg wants to buy them he must come up with the money, but there are a number of interested parties, individuals and consortiums who have expressed a desire to take over the club.’
Others argued with the view I expressed that life these days, because of changes in the law over the years, is better and fairer for women.
His rise through journalism took him from cub reporter on the Stockport Express, to the BBC in Birmingham — and the world.
That people have been f***** up and it's always been done with express permission from the Catholic Church.’
It will also be inserted in The Sunday Express Magazine, The People and The Sunday Mail Magazine in Scotland.
Horrified passengers saw Olive stumble and fall off a platform as an express roared in.
And the Express did little better.
FLOP: Express
It was only by chance that Long was prevented from driving his 72-seat National Express double-decker from London's Victoria coach station just after midnight.
Yesterday Louise's father Phillip said: ‘She expressed her condolences and her admiration for Louise.
The American Express survey compared holiday prices in more than a dozen countries and came up with these contrasts:
The company expressed its ‘deepest sympathy’ to the children's family.
A MASSIVE 86 per cent of Britons think Fergie should lose her title if she separates permanently from Andrew, said an ICM poll for the Sunday Express.
SPECIAL 40th BIRTHDAY ISSUE NEW MUSICAL EXPRESS Ruby Tuesday (think about it) 96 PAGES BIGGEST EVER!
Deep, pulsing, mind-boggling and overlaid with a cloak of dark and haunting atmospherics, Voov come at you like an express train on Uptime.
All these women are expressing a primal female energy that's perhaps unconsciously trying to balance out the spirit of rock, super-macho style.
Have you ever found it difficult to express yourself and your sexuality in your music?
Lesley still has to deal with idiot boy hecklers: ‘Women cannot express their sexuality freely in any area of life, especially in popular music.
NEW MUSICAL EXPRESS
And 40 years ago you — or rather your semi-erect ancestors — were asking us why we didn't just change our name to New Accordion Express .
In February 1952,The Musical Express bade farewell to its readers with a final issue that blazed proudly on its cover ‘Tommy Dorsey For Olympic Games’, the accompanying story telling of how bandleader Dorsey and his orchestra had been booked to play for four hours daily at the games in Finland that summer.
Two weeks later, the paper re-emerged as The New Musical Express , the name if not the publication that you know and love today.
But in practice, the New Musical Express at the end of the 1960s was a curious beast indeed.
An innocuous Thrills item about Little Richard had arch-Tory John Junor frothing in his Sunday Express column about filth and homosexuality.
And why don't we just change our name to New Morrissey Express and be done with it?
‘IT'S NOT NEW, IT'S NOT MUSICAL AND IT'S NOT PARTICULARLY EXPRESS’
New Musical Express
New Musical Express
Aug 29 1987 New Swimwear Express perchance?
Others say ‘why don't you just change your name to New Express.’
‘Why don't you just change the paper's name to New Morrissey Express and have done with it?’ goes the usual enquiry, ‘he's on your cover every bloody week anyway!’
Why don't we just call it New Mancunian Express and have done with it?
After all, this isn't the New Movie Express
Raising the stakes of youth rebellion, Bickle is impotent, resorting to firearms and a hellish bloodbath when he's unable to express his churning emotional confusion.
By 1952, about 100,000 of them were too busy reading the excellent new music paper,New Musical Express , to watch them.
COINCIDING WITH the very first New Musical Express chart this was, essentially, the Top Of The Pops of its day, except without the arbitrary graphics, arbitrary dry ice and arbitrary ex-hospital radio DJs getting the names wrong.
THIS WAS the year that Channel 4 was launched in a flurry of bogus controv about some swearing on Brookside (‘CHANNEL SWORE’ said the oh-so-clever Daily Express ).
OK, so why's he on the cover, and why don't we just change our name to New Morrissey Express and be done with it?
The nice people are still there to enjoy the music, although perhaps not as much as if they'd been allowed to express themselves and some of the nasty people are beginning to appreciate the actual music.
But to call this ‘expressing themselves’ truly takes the Garibaldi.
The Rolling Stones, Genesis, Bonnie Tyler, The Wonder Stuff and,(ulp), Uriah Heep — 20 YEARS OF THE READING FESTIVAL NEW MUSICAL EXPRESS Dope opera Pretend you've always liked NIRVANA!
Sure, she doesn't scream with anguish and caterwaul and present a screwed-up persona like some ‘foxcore’ groups we could name, but she's quite comfortable being a woman and there should be as many ways for women to express themselves as there are grains of sand on a non-radioactive beach.
If Morrissey can't be allowed to write in the third person using a character, without people automatically assuming the views expressed are his own, then we've got problems too.
While they generally take care to express such formulations in the language of reason, justice and humanitarian concern that will command consent, they also take care that very little creeps into those formulations that will seriously impede their exercise of power.
It was further expressed in the outlawing of certain categories of weapon, ‘poison or poisoned weapons’ and ‘arms, projectiles or material calculated to cause unnecessary suffering’.
When it finally ratified the Protocol in 1975 the USA further expressed its ‘understanding’ that the Protocol does not cover control agents and herbicides, although for itself the USA agreed to limit their use.
Inevitably, doubts have been expressed about the credibility of such statements, but they may have some significance  nonetheless.
Ian Brownlie (1963, pp. 262–4) expresses considerable doubt about the lawfulness of the use of nuclear weapons against an attack by conventional weapons.
In  Chapter 5 of this volume, Campbell expresses his faith (albeit limited) in such a possibility.
Just as we give more weight to the views of an impartial judge, one who is not a party to the dispute in question, than to a partial one, so we give more weight to an impartial moral opinion, one expressed by a person who is not directly involved in the situation being assessed, than To an interested party.
No doubt this tendency may be attributable, at least in part, to a lack of responsiveness on the part of the authorities to widespread fears and legitimate demands, even when these are expressed in a constitutional manner by broad sectors of the public, particularly as in the case of the recent deployment of cruise missiles.
Thank goodness the teachers encouraged me, and I was allowed to express my passion in countless writing and drawing projects and models.
I find out about these release sites in various ways: through friends or volunteers or the farming parents of children I had lectured to, who have expressed an interest in having a pair and have suitable land.
This process is complicated to describe, but when expressed computationally it becomes a neat recursive procedure.
the efficiency of representation of the data so that its particular features are succinctly expressed, and can easily be retrieved and analysed.
And though I did hold passionate beliefs, I was a bit young to express them all.
It does not maintain that all criminal laws directly express the interests of one particular group, such as the ruling class.
Whether one agrees with the sentiments expressed by Wilson and Morgan on the one hand or the President's Commission and Braithwaite on the other is not a matter of blind prejudice, but of weighing carefully  the relevant evidence.
Those few cases which are prosecuted fail to arouse media-indignation, except when it expresses disapproval for the way executives are very occasionally over-sanctioned!
Where this awareness of corporate crime has been expressed elector-ally, corporate victims have benefited.
On the other hand, if there is no express or implied contractual right (see below) to relocate employees, employers cannot simply go ahead and relocate their work-force unless they obtain each employee's consent to the change in his or her place of work.
Express or implied terms
Express terms in a contract of employment are those which are spelled out — either written or spoken.
A term is not implied, however, merely because it appears reasonable to do so nor if it is contrary to an express term.
Employers are entitled to require their employees to move to different premises if there is an express term in the contract which  specifies where they may be required to work.
Express terms
Some contracts of employment contain an express term giving employers the right to transfer employees from one site to another.
In Express Lift Co Ltd v.
From my own experience of listening to nurses who want to return, the reasons they give and the levels of motivation they express are multifarious.
express any dissatisfaction try to do in it a constructive and diplomatic way.
Although it may at first feel as though you will always be the new member of staff, or that you will never stop asking questions, most returners express appreciation and gratitude for the support and practical help offered by colleagues, and for the warm welcome extended to them on their return.
Many of the challenges expressed could be avoided with proper planning and fore-thought.
Those responsible for recruiting qualified nurses back into practice should be in the business of welcoming back all staff who have expressed an interest in returning, regardless of age or length of break in service.
The wide range of courses in terms of content and timespan presumably reflects the budget and teaching staff available and the demand created by service needs (notably shortage of staff in specific areas), and the needs expressed by interested applicants.
A tidy, polite letter of application expressing your interest, date and level of qualifications, and details of your most recent employment is all that is required in the first instance, together with evidence of your registration status.
The UKCC expressed its concern in a paper published in September 1988, stating that it was ‘extremely concerned and aware of the difficulties experienced by large numbers of enrolled nurses in securing a place on existing conversion or bridging courses.
Some fears have been expressed over the possibility of employers discriminating against ENs in favour of first level nurses.
Returners often express difficulties in knowing where to begin, on which books to buy and which to borrow., Some course tutors supply their own introductory reading lists, and most specify ‘musts’ such as the UKCC Code of Professional Conduct; but others will arrange an early library session so that you are free to browse and survey what is available locally.
This promises to make nursing as a career much more dynamic and pro-active, although the nursing role in caring for the sick and those people limited by disability will continue and develop in response to the needs expressed by society.
It could be ‘neo-Stalinism’(refusing to say Russia was a capitalist country); ‘Pabloite revisionism’(deciding to join the Labour Party secretly); ‘tailism’(waiting for trade unions to organize strikes rather than getting on with it yourself); ‘liquidationism’(dissolving the sect into a larger movement, hoping that its ideas will catch on); ‘parliamentary cretinism’(advising people to vote Labour); ‘stageism’(not demanding everything at once); or even ‘centreism’(expressing a liking for Tony Benn).
One of the key elements of the paper had always been that it should be run on consensus lines, with broad agreement among the group, often expressed by a vote before any decision was taken.
At a glance, the paper resembled a specialist publication like Motorcycle News , with elements of Socialist Worker ,New Musical Express and the Mail on Sunday stirred in.
All the nationals except the Daily Star , which had been specifically based there by its owners to soak up the spare capacity left by their other declining title, the Daily Express , had either closed down, moved to London or drastically reduced their Manchester operations.
Under the title ‘How we will revive the lost arts of the tabloids’, Pilger laid down the criteria: ‘dramatic, uncropped pictures which the old Express displayed with such flair; original well-written investigations which the Sunday Times ’ Insight Team pioneered (I count the old Sunday Times as a great popular paper); and the use of writer-photographer teams which Picture Post and the Mirror used with such power.’
His progress up the ladder of the Street was rapid, from the Daily Mail to Associate Features Editor at the Express and then Features Editor on the London Evening News .
His main rival at the Express was another young rising star, Kelvin Mackenzie, who handled news.
But those on the list who actually applied, as opposed to expressing vague interest, had no way of knowing whether their completed application forms had been weeded out or simply thrown on to the paper mountain along with everyone else.
Sports editor Bob Edwell, who had come from the Daily Express in London, was looking for sports writers, and above all the paper needed its back bench staffed by the all-important sub-editors, who prepare the reporters' words (the copy) for the paper, and write the headlines.
Sutton was later going to have to cope with marrying up this formula to the new direct-entry computer system, which was being sorted out by systems editor Eugenie Verney, a sub-editor made redundant from the Daily Express in Manchester, who had previously worked on the Guardian .
Many people are expressing an interest in playing the game and no doubt many parents will be interested in mini-rugby for their children.
Hundreds were able to pay their respects and express their condolences by turning up at a charity rugby match at Shiplake College, Berkshire, in aid of the Charlotte Starmer-Smith Memorial Fund which aims to purchase medical equipment for the treatment of blood diseases.
Far more important, roughly 94 per cent of the players who express an opinion on the amateurism question demand action and clarification on the whole issue.
During their short stay in Eastern Province the Wallabies expressed an interest to come out to visit and possibly coach in a township.
They have publicly expressed their concerns after witnessing events first hand when travelling throughout South Africa during the Wallabies' whistle-stop two-week tour in August.
Meagher expressed his concerns to RWC chairman Russ Thomas during a meeting prior to the Ellis Park test between South Africa and the All Blacks.
Christophe Deylaud has been encouraged to express himself and he is improving in heaps and bounds.
The typical Western attitude is aptly expressed by David Hume, writing more than two centuries ago in his famous essay An Inquiry Concerning Human Understanding of 1748.
Hence our preference for the terms ‘peace’ and ‘peaceful’which embody all the advantages of markedness while at the same time better express our general position in this particular instance.
The nuclear arms race, and East-West conflict, is seen as inevitable given that human nature is what it is (namely competitive, aggressive, and combative) and the consequent pessimism shared by a large proportion of Western Europe's population concerning the possibility of nuclear war is again expressed in such terms.
A ‘harder’ version was expressed in the old ‘nurture versus nature’debate of the pre-war era, in which American anthropologists in particular, following the lead of Boas, engaged themselves.
Similar ideas are expressed by Leakey and Lewin:
In the day-to-day world of human interactions, this is expressed most clearly in the symbolic equivalence of food and nurturance as manifested in the ethic and practice of food sharing.
While such a state most frequently results from the frustration of a person's expressed desire for  some material object, especially food or tobacco, Dentan (1968) notes that it can also be the result of forcing someone to do something against his or her will.
Expressed in behaviour, the result is neither the self-obsessed maximizing of Adam Smith and E. O. Wilson, nor the self-abnegating communalism of Marx and Engels.
This means trying to identify which kind of being might be responsible, based on evidence from the patient's recent behaviour (this includes improper experiencing and/or expressing of emotionality; see Howell 1981, 1984 for a more detailed discussion).
The Chewong do not perceive these activities as expressing any anger or aggressive feelings, however, even when they themselves are the victims.
Another emotion which is somewhat elaborated upon by the Chewong is that expressed by the word chan which I translate as anger or angry.
Individuals who are reluctant to go along with the sentiments expressed in a collective discussion may be castigated as unduly kaingli , ‘jealous’, or kongit , ‘possessive’, of their spouses, an infringement of the legitimate autonomy of the latter.
Interestingly, they use the same term for aggression as the Buid, but give it precisely the opposite moral evaluation: ‘A maisug person is combative and not deterred by physical danger and risk, one who has strong feelings and is not afraid to express them…
The connotation of internal strength attached to the English concept of bravery is expressed in Buid with the phrase marigun fag fangayufan , literally ‘strong minded’.
The fundamentally asymmetrical relationship between a landlord and his tenant is expressed as one of reciprocity, however: a landlord and his tenant are both called  kasama , ‘companions’ or ‘partners’, the former supplying the land and sometimes the capital and equipment for farming, and the latter the labour.
From the perspective of humans, solidarity is expressed in opposition to a category of predatory beings which regard humans as their prey, on the one hand, and to a category of prey which regard humans as their predators, on the other.
Piaroaland is almost free of all forms of physical violence, a place where children, teenagers, and adults alike never express anger through physical means.
As Maybury-Lewis remarks (ibid.: 66), ‘the combination of sexuality and aggression could hardly be more aptly expressed than in a ceremonial rape’.
Competition among ruwatu between communities is usually expressed through the accusations of sorcery attack, often in the wake of marriages which shift the residential alignments within the territory, and thus respective follower size.
The Piaroa daily express to one another their right to private choice and their right to be free from domination over a wide range of matters, such as residence, work, self development, and even marriage.
Temper tantrums are discouraged, met by mocking and teasing, and strong anger is expressed by both adults and children through pointed silence (Overing Kaplan 1975; Overing 1988).
Saturday evening's ‘Severn Coast Express’ was advertised originally as a ten-coach special hauled by visiting GWS heavy freight loco No. 3822, but turned into a fully laden 14-coach photographer's dream due to public demand for seats.
However, back to the lengthened ‘Severn Coast Express’.
From the footplate: Cambrian Coast Express By Stephen Austin.
It would appear that the passenger selection process has singled the Welshman out as unattractive as North Wales Coast Express loadings are holding up.
He said: ‘The Cambrian Coast Express is all but full while other trains are reporting that the first-class accommodation is full while other facilities are filling up.
Duke of Gloucester's run on the first mid-week North Wales Coast Express was hit by a number of problems none of which were as a result of problems with the locomotive.
Most of the PSD workers themselves have expressed their relief and willingness to be gainfully occupied for five full days per week, even for the basic financial reward of just their normal UB plus £10.00 per week.
THE William Shakespeare Express gives a splendid opportunity to travel in style to Stratford-upon-Avon, pulled by a restored Great Western Railway express steam locomotive.
While the interior of the Dart Valley's converted auto-coach ‘Claire’ was more MFI than the claimed ‘1930's Orient Express style’of the press information, the steam journey was pleasant, offering some stunning views of Torbay and the River Dart.
The first signs of trouble came when the Ynys Mon Express of Sunday, July 19 had to be diesel piloted from Rhyl after it was ruled that Black Five 5305 was a particular risk.
And last Wednesday's planned North Wales Coast Express was diverted from the coastal mainline to the Settle and Carlisle.
As part of the weekend's festivities, a special steam hauled train to Minehead the ‘Severn Coast Express’ will depart from Bishops Lydeard at 7.25 pm on Saturday evening, returning there at 11.00pm.
GREEN ARROW one of the finest operational express locomotives, retires from the main line on Saturday.
You can express any particular wishes you may have about your funeral (for example, you might have a preference for cremation or burial).
Younger children may express their feelings through playing.
If there is anxiety about your child being unable to express painful thoughts and feelings, it could be helpful to do this with a professional person, such as a therapist or psychologist.
Concern has been expressed that mental impairment might also occur in otherwise healthy people with HIV infection.
However, it does mean that if you develop a life-threatening condition, you will have the reassurance of knowing that your wishes are recorded in written form if you become unable to express them.
A quick telephone call to Abbot Media Services  for an entry form will ensure your last minute entry into the 1992 Remington/Daily Express Family Tennis Championships, the finals of which will take place in January of next year at Quietwaters, Essex.
I would like to expand on the same topic by expressing my thoughts on the structures that exist, or fail to exist, in this country to help promising junior players become accomplished professionals.
But the underlying theme was that expressed by a Japanese, Zenko Suzuki, in 1982 — a theme that has since proved an undeniable stimulus to politicians and rhetoricians in need of a new and very positive cause.
Trobriand islanders use the tug-of-war, cricket, the collection of yams and great and freely expressed sexual enthusiasm as the planks of their complicated beliefs.
This new building was no doubt excellent of its kind, but if the intention had been to express confident authority tempered by humanity he wasn't sure that the architect had succeeded.
Darren's  face expressed an immediate and lively scepticism which in other circumstances, Massingham would have found amusing.
Some caution has already been expressed about the extent to which the new GCSE examinations will reach less able children previously excluded from the Certificate of Secondary Education.
Pupils can sometimes be diffident in expressing their anxieties about their visual condition and may be greatly helped if they can talk to someone knowledgeable and experienced in such matters who is unlikely to be surprised by incidents which can be a worry to some youngsters, such as, for instance , a glass eye lost in the swimming pool or the effect of strong light on a photophobic (averse to glare) pupil which makes him sit with closed eyes.
‘Yet we all without exception share a subtler and ambivalent genetic flaw, which expresses itself not in branching bones but in our very behaviour.
This is how we love to express our dextrous craftsmanship.
The group expressed concern at the distorted presentation of issues by the mass media, and urged churches to develop closer dialogue with the media and press for fair reporting and a greater sense of social responsibility.
‘You cannot define Christian communication because it is only expressed in the practice,’ Fr Naidu said.
Should the final print of the Catechism include the text as leaked on the use of the death penalty you have my assurance that I shall write to the Pope and Cardinal Ratzinger to express my disapproval and condemnation.
Wu himself spent 19 years incarcerated (for expressing ‘counter-revolutionary’ opinion), beaten, tortured and starved before going to the United States as a visiting professor.
It is intended as a reference book for studying the conflict, although potential students ought to note that the introduction expresses joy for the ‘blessing of freedom under the leadership of HRH the Emir of Kuwait’.
IN CASES OF EJEs; Express your concern over the reported deaths of individuals in custody (refer to victims by name, as above); explain that the first step to prevent such killings would be to undertake thorough and impartial investigations; urge that a commission of inquiry be established in accordance with the United Nations Principles on the Effective Prevention and Investigation of Extra-Legal, Arbitrary and Summary Executions (1989), and that those responsible be brought to justice.
On the crowded streets the fragility of the alliance of four clan groups, collectively known as the Somali Liberation Army, is expressed in sporadic gun battles which keep the hospital supplied with five to ten victims every day.
The letter of protest also expressed Amnesty's concern at the deportation from Britain of 36 Yugoslavs to other countries.
One, keen to express himself through hard work, sees that his only choice is to ‘better myself and pick my life up.
Amnesty International also expressed concern that the UN International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, currently in force in Macao by virtue of Portugal's ratification, should continue to apply to the MSAR beyond 1999.
In a report in January 1990 AI expressed concern that the screening process in Hong Kong was critically flawed and that asylum-seekers at risk of human rights violations might be denied refugee status and returned to Viet Nam.
Following the article ‘Iron Trade’ in the August/September Amnesty by Brian Wood concerning the overseas promotion of leg cuffs, and the many letters written by Amnesty readers to MPs expressing their concern, the Minister of State for Trade and Industry, Tim Sainsbury, launched an official inquiry.
AI has written to President Ben Ali expressing its regret at this resumption of executions.
He speaks a hesitant but colourful English, moving back into French to express his more complex and profound thoughts.
Guidelines are being produced by the IEC to enable AI to express its concerns on the taking of hostages by nges, and deliberate or arbitrary killings by nges.
We are aware of the campaigning work your section has undertaken in this regard and would like to express to you our genuine appreciation for your efforts.
Several correspondents have written to me at different times expressing the wish that we join forces in order to become more effective.
I can't express it properly.
Professor R. M. Chisholm has expressed this well in Perceiving.: A Philosophical Study :
That this is the common apprehension of mankind with regard to perception is evident from the manner of expressing it in all languages.
But expressing it like this makes it look as if there could be a quality of ‘in-the-foot-ness’, and this is absurd since position is not a quality.
James expressed the negative side when he described it as ‘the theory which denies that there can be in a sensation any element of actual locality, any tone as it were which cries to us immediately and without further ado, ‘I am here’ or ‘I am there’’.
One way of expressing this point would be to say that my body as it is for me is sensitive , whereas my body in the midst of the world is sensible (meaning, to be sensed or perceived).
This reminded me strongly of Wittgenstein's story of ‘the diviner who tells us that when he holds the rod he feels that the water is five feet under the ground’, and who, when we express our doubts, says, ‘You can estimate a length when you see it.
The theory is that these audible or visible things have meaning only in virtue of expressing and evoking mental things, ideas or thoughts.
If, as the advocates of the theory hold, ideas and thoughts are ‘inner’ and ‘private’, then how can a speaker and a hearer, a writer and  a reader, ever know that the ideas and thoughts that are evoked by an utterance are the same as the ideas and thoughts expressed by it?
We say, ‘The thought is not the same as the sentence, for an English and a French sentence, which are utterly different, can express the same thought.’
In this passage, Wittgenstein mentions one argument for saying that the thought is not the same as the sentence — two sentences ‘one in English and one in French, may be said to express the same thought; since the thought is the same but the sentences different the thought is not the same as either of the sentences.
Rather, in this context the word ‘I’ is idle, superfluous; it is used only because Descartes is habituated to the use of ‘I’in expressing his thoughts and feelings to other people.
This thought is directed against the Tractatus view of language, the picture theory of meaning, and so is partly expressed in the language of that theory.
Then, in the predicate, there is the pay-off, which I should like to express, in terms derived from the preceding discussion of the meaning of ‘I meant…’, by saying that what is, from outside, a sentence is, from inside, what is thought (54, 290), where ‘from inside’ refers to the thought-symbol's actually playing the role (238) which characterises the reality in question.
Ryle's positive point, in his Royal Institute of philosophy lecture, that Le Penseur's thinking is to be understood in terms of that of the tennis player, is different from Wittgenstein's positive point, in 88 to 136 or thereabouts, but particularly in 100–103, which might now be expressed by saying that ‘I thought…’ is like ‘I meant…’(see above), though this way of putting it is really no more than a hint as to his meaning.
As Wittgenstein expresses it, ‘if an order runs ‘Do such-and-such’ then executing the order is called ‘doing such-and-such’’.
A possible response to this may be that if we want to understand the concept of knowledge we must treat the use of ‘I know’(the activity of avouching) as the primary thing, but that there are other psychological verbs — such as‘I hope’— in which a speaker using the first person singular of the present tense does simply express his mental state.
The second thing to note is that to say that someone who says ‘I hope’— for example, ‘I hope you'll come’— is simply expressing his mental state is to ignore the role of such utterances in human intercourse.
They ‘intro-spect’ the feeling, and then ‘express’it in language.
To say that Natasha has discovered how to express love is to miss the point.
TO CHARLES DARWIN AUTHOR OF ‘THE ORIGIN OF SPECIES’ I DEDICATE THIS BOOK NOT ONLY AS A TOKEN OF PERSONAL ESTEEM AND FRIENDSHIP BUT ALSO TO EXPRESS MY DEEP ADMIRATION FOR HIS GENIUS AND HIS WORKS
7 November 1992 NEW MUSICAL EXPRESS Young, gifted and plaque Fair and loathing in America CURVE, MARY CHAIN and SPIRITUALIZED ride the US Rollercoaster Ultimate SMITHS/MOZ singles retrospective!
First, it enabled clueless people to quote ‘soul’, then it allowed intelligent people to get away with expressing fake emotions.
NEW MUSICAL EXPRESS Constellation prizes FREE!
At the heart of almost all of Thom's lyrics is a sense of alienation from his surroundings, whether it's expressed in ‘Creep’ 's whispered final line, ‘I don't belong here’, or the first words of the last single ‘Prove Yourself’, ‘I can't afford to breathe in this town’.
On The Road with MINISTRY NEW MUSICAL EXPRESS Carter re-elected!
Without his band's stealthy, elegantly precise backing and stuck in front of a tape recorder, he sits shyly, sucking ice cubes and claiming — wrongly, as it happens — that he can't express himself.
Then there were the child's eyes, grey, clear, large and at this moment expressing fear, if she had ever seen it.
And her next words went on to express this when she said to Aggie, ‘Well, you can rest easy, Mrs Winkowski, your ward will be well looked after.
She did not go on to express the next thought in her mind: thank goodness Annabel was going away to school, and very soon the association would be closed, for its continuance would create an impossible situation.
HAVING just read the letters section in the April edition of Rugby World & Post , I feel that I must support the opinions expressed by Mr. Schwabb and Mr. Porter.
THIS season's top tipster in the Ladbrokes Five Nations competition was Peter Jackson of the Daily Mail who, along with John Inverdale of the BBC and Barry Newcombe of the Sunday Express (the early front runner), had eight correct forecasts.
Last month I expressed the hope that, as the autocratic system of government in South Africa is replaced by a more democratic one, this might rub off on the new rugby bureaucracy.
He had the good grace to apologise afterwards and I also expressed my gratitude that I did not have to wait an hour or so until the training was finished before I could obtain his team and get busy.
Hadley is adamant that, despite the views expressed by Wayne Shelford, nothing can make up for the satisfaction of representing the country of your birth at international level.
Molland's voice was naturally hard, naturally designed for expressing disapproval.
I burn with unrequited  lust, he thought, surprised that a cliché should so accurately express what he was feeling.
And also to say that one of the Sundays has expressed interest in doing an extract.
From the fact that the whaler was lying stopped in the water and that Cousteau, his hand resting idly on the tiller, appeared to be expressing no great degree of interest in anything, it was obvious that his wait had been a vain one, a fact he confirmed on his arrival on the bridge.
‘Words cannot express our gratitude.
She moved to the door and glanced back, warming to her mother, it was not often she expressed affection or even concern, she was a hard woman who had lived a difficult life but now and then a little softness crept into Win Morgan's eyes that betrayed the real woman beneath the stern exterior.
Subject to availability, it is hoped that Victorian M7 No 30053 of 1906 and prestige express locomotive T9 No 30120 of 1899 from the National Railway Museum at York will be running.
The Brush Type 4's first depot was Finsbury Park (34G) in North London and early duties included working prestigious ECML expresses.
Ex-British Railways Class 7P No. 70000 ‘Britannia’ was simmering into the triangle at Valley on Anglesey to turn around after faultlessly hauling her special express from Crewe Junction when a distress call was sent up to her.
The InterCity-style ten coach charter express, which will also be putting down at Winchester, Southampton and Bournemouth, will pull into Wigan at approximately 7.50 a.m. on September 12.
A few days later ‘Bahamas’ passed by on the North West Coast Express before it was time to return to base.
She will work the Cumbrian Mountain Express, the South Yorkshireman (doubling as a positioning tour) and then her final will be Ealing Broadway to Warwick return for the William Shakespeare Limited pending a return to her Southall Railway Centre home.
These will be the striking black and apple green ex-LNER express's finals workings before the expiry of her seven-year-long boiler certificate.
But the real treat is the new Stockholm to Gothenberg Express, the D2000.
An Enthusiasts special is also being organised at £35.00 which includes an Express Passenger Locomotive Course at the Museum, or a Tank Engine Course at £27.50.
Flying Scotsman who will soon go into temporary retirement in action on the Ynys Mon Express.
The final trip is on Sunday, October 25 when ‘Flying Scotsman’ performs on the classic ‘William Shakespeare Express,’from London (Ealing Broadway) to Stratford-upon-Avon and back.
FOCUS ON THE AYLESBURY CENTURY EXPRESS Words and pictures: PHILIP MARSH
Many visitors to Quainton Road expressed surprise at the amount of change that has taken place at the Centre over the last few years.
American Express
Tickets for the Welsh Marches Express are available from .
Once it has been lifted from the frames it will be offered to the NRM who have expressed interest in it for a projected display.
The Lloyds will be one of 16 father and son pairs who will join up with 16 mother and daughter partnerships to find out who will become this year's Remington/Daily Express Family champions.
I am writing to express my shock and disgust at John McEnroe's omission from the Davis Cup final USA Team.
Only time will tell but at least it is a step in the right direction and certainly in line with the views expressed by Mary Joe Fernandez in a splendidly reasoned and cogent article which she wrote for The New York Times at the end of last year.
Talk about ‘forging a new language’ to describe new experiences forgets that an old language can sometimes express novelty better than any other; and the case fails to notice, too, that life depends on contrasts: that you cannot have informality without formality, bluntness without courtesy, indecorum without decorum.
Particular worries have been expressed about the increasing numbers of very frail individuals in need of constant attention and of those suffering from Alzheimer's disease and other forms of senile dementia for which there are as yet no known cures.
Considerable alarm was expressed at these demographic changes (Thane forthcoming) although it was apparent that there was little idea of the possible economic and social implications.
Fears were thus expressed that, while the ratio of all dependents to the total population might be no greater in the immediate future than in the past, the cost per dependent had grown and would continue to grow.
Indeed, they were much more likely than their younger counterparts to have expressed satisfaction with the firm and its management.
This proviso was fundamental, and we can find it expressed in two letters of this period on the preference to be given to the claim of monastic life over every other demand — a theme of central importance in his thought.
Faced with this conflict of views, Anselm expressed his own view that, despite the pope's opinion, the altar could be brought back into use after simple reconsecration.
Understood in this sense,libertas ecclesiae expressed a concept which could be, and was, in varying degrees adopted by the other  groups within the whole complex of social organizations.
Then, during his three years in exile he came for the first time into close contact with the main exponents of the Gregorian ideal, and we must ask how far and in what circumstances he adopted the phraseology of the Gregorian reformers; then, whether he adopted the theoretical structure which their favourite phrase libertas ecclesiae expressed, or adopted the phrase for use only in exceptional circumstances and for special reasons.
But after hearing their condemnation in 1099 he conformed rigidly to both parts of the condemnation, and nowhere expressed an opinion about their substance.
But there are no signs that either the phrase or the policy which it expressed ever became part of his own thinking either about the Church as a whole or about his own duties as archbishop.
From his earliest days as archbishop, his desire to hold a Council had been his most frequently expressed aim — expressed in vain while Rufus reigned, but almost at once realized under Henry.
Anselm however never ceased to express himself in word and deed increasingly strongly in its favour: he persisted also in the Canterbury claim that the archbishop should be the pope's legate in England in perpetuity.
This promise, however, was expressed in no document; it had the character of an informal arrangement which had no binding force on the future; it was useless.
Samson was the loyal suffragan of Canterbury, but he also expressed the views of the more secularly minded towards the dispute as a whole: it were well that York should submit, but it was undignified for the archbishop of Canterbury to urge his case with such unlimited fervour.
The eternal order which reflected the unchanging nature of God, and which found expression in the manner of God's Redemption of the world, was also expressed in the traditions of individual churches down to the smallest details.
The most pessimistic view is that the process of ‘deprofessionalization’ of teachers will become almost complete, leaving them with virtually no autonomy, no scope for exercising their judgement and  expressing their interests through their teaching.
There is an alternative, more optimistic view that some people in education are expressing, which sees the current changes as somewhere between an irrelevance and a minor irritation in terms of their own aims and practices.
Participants were asked to write a letter to themselves as if from an imaginary — or real — ex-pupil, expressing their appreciation for the contribution that they, the teachers, had made to the pupil's life.
They do not provide the safety within which individuals can clarify and express their own feelings, perceptions and inchoate beliefs, for the staffroom cliques are based on certainty, and function to hold at bay doubt and anxiety.
But the ways people can best deal with their own stress are as varied as the ways in which they express it.
The Academy will express American ideals in the arts and humanities: its research will interpret the culture, history and ongoing changes in Eastern Europe.
Angela Flowers of London, Beaux Arts of Bath, and Harcourts of San Francisco expressed particular satisfaction.
Lothar Baumgarten, the German artist, has come to New York just in time to express this fashionable sense of discomfort with an installation which occupies the whole of the recently restored spiral of the Guggenheim Museum.
Following interest expressed by several London galleries which, according to market sources, will have included Lefevre, Thomas Gibson and Marlborough Fine Art, where Freud had showed his work until 1972, the senior British figure painter reached an agreement with New York dealer, Bill Acquavella, shortly before Christmas.
He has expressed an interest in becoming Minister of Culture, but would prefer the Ministry of Justice.
Humphrey Wine expressed his personal enthusiasm for acquiring more history and religious works but noted that one major difficulty was the paucity of such paintings in British private collections, which have traditionally been an important source of acquisition for the National Gallery.
The award scheme was launched in 1978 and is sponsored for the seventh consecutive year by American Express.
A few weeks ago Roberta Smith of the New York Times wrote an article expressing a certain degree of ennui over the new decade's proliferation of ‘installation art’— but it doesn't seem to have done much to stem the tide.
The miraculous moment of transmutation, when lead turns into gold, as it were, can be proven to have taken place at the precise second when the first buyer hands over his American Express card to add the foreskin of the Infant Jesus or a mummified fish from the Miraculous Drought of Fishes to his collection.
The Russians, represented by the Minister of Culture, Yevgeniy Sidorov and the Germans, represented by the Minister of the Interior Rudolf Seiters and the Culture Ministers of the Lander of Berlin, Bremen and Saxony, expressed themselves in favour of a fair solution to the problem.
Some archaeologists, irrespective of their scepticism over Ivan Koltsov's announcement, have expressed concern that Pravda should have shown a map of the underground areas, and that Koltsov publicly described seeing local boys playing with ancient gold goblets which they had supposedly found in the underground passages.
This unpublished transcript, edited for The Art Newspaper, is the most faithful rendering possible of the way Marcel Duchamp expressed himself.
I wonder if it counts for anything at all when it comes to expressing more profound thought.
Then I try to find a way of expressing the idea and there isn't one.
Yes, but I probably tried to create my own personal brand of Dadaism, just as each of them had their own brand of Dadaism based on the same ideas but expressed in an intensely personal way.
Sponsored by corporations such as American Express and Philip Morris Inc., the whole event is conceived on an ambitious scale and will include all media including photography and video.
The Fitzwilliam and Ashmolean Museums have expressed strong interest, as has the Victoria and Albert Museum.
David Steel, Curator of European Art at the museum expressed the opinion that Mr Humber would probably have left them to the museum had he made a will, while he himself had tried to persuade the owner to donate them to the Rembrandthuis, Amsterdam.
‘Creators express their desires, their anxieties and their happiness: but someone who is responsible for cultural affairs must be strong and calm’, Mr Toubon said after his appointment.
But Titian's dominance would have been more potently expressed by the Berlin ‘Self-Portrait’, from which emanates, down to the drumming fingers, a physical and intellectual energy, and an imperious will, which make it quite clear why, in Venice, 1500–1600 is the century of Titian.
Another concern Brodsky expressed focused on rumours that some New York City museums, particularly the Metropolitan Museum of Art, had approached New York City's Department of Cultural Affairs with ‘shopping lists’ of paintings they wanted should the New-York Historical Society go bankrupt and dissolve.
That the magic of the place is more than an architectural phenomenon is expressed in both the introduction by the house's present owner, the Duke of Buccleuch and an essay on its history by John Cornforth.
Rafael Valls acquired an appealing half-length portrait of Miss Juliana Copley by Lawrence (lot 29, est. £50,000–70,000) for £92,000, but doubts had been expressed about the condition of the second Lawrence in the sale, a grand full-length portrait of John Allnutt (lot 30, est. £300,000–500,000), and it failed to attract any bids.
This year 184 dealers took part compared to 176 in 1992 and a number of participants expressed cautious optimism.
‘My dress hangs here’ is her only picture of the period and expresses with sharp irony her sense of outrage at her husband's glorification of American values and incidentally reveals as much about her own sense of insecurity (est. $1–1.2 million; £666,000–800,000).
It was when he became aware of the dominance of some technique which emptied the art of meaning that he began to express scepticism over the art of the last decades.
Dealers express mixed feelings about the projects.
Although the Czech delegation, consisting of the directors and head curators from virtually every major gallery in Bohemia and Moravia, expressed a real desire for a quicker and fuller integration with the wider art world, it soon became apparent that the Czechs are not yet ready to engage fully with their Western counterparts.
All things considered, it's hardly surprising that the Czech delegation to ‘Galleries and Private Collectors’, expressed fears about an impending mass sell-off and export of art, and made calls for legislation regarding art and commerce.
In1982 the Consejo de Ministros made a symbolic gesture to express their socialist principles and declared that all Spanish citizens would have free access to museums (foreigners paid).
Although both abstract and gestural, his paintings seem to yearn to express architectural space.
The modelli will be sold separately and provide fine examples of his unerring sense of form expressed through fluent, rapid brushstrokes.
I have a general idea of what I want to express, but no specific imagery.
An eagle diving to the hand from 500 feet whistling down like an express train is a sight not often forgotten.
Use any medium, charcoal, ink or pencil to explore and express the richness and vitality of the bird world.
I clutch my wad of sketches that, one day, I hope to turn into pictures that might somehow express the essence of this strange topsy-turvy continent where, believe it or not, there are birds that are scared of heights.
So, it came as something of a disappointment when a Ms Mel Chevannes, who ran a black supplementary school in the West Midlands, wrote to the Wolverhampton Express and Star to protest at my testing ‘hypotheses that black people are ‘happy-go-lucky or very physical in their outlook’’ and that my aims were to ‘damage even further the life chances of black children’(25 June 1980).
My conception of sport elevates it to the realms of art, where the producer finds room to express himself and the consumer studies and appreciates; both seek satisfaction.
Now, the black man he's different: he likes to step on the ball, control it, express himself with it.
Simply expressed, they have insufficient time, inadequate resources, not enough basic interest and, crucially, other priorities.
But it is still a passive role and, while many major figures in sport express a sense of responsibility for black youth, none actively encourage or discourage them from following their examples.
As Winston McLeod expressed it: ‘Black kids have special problems,’ referring precisely to these factors.
Some entries in my small diary express my joy at Richard's success in that 1951 Stratford season:
Some of the interviews he began to give to journalists are the equivalent of psychoanalysis — in which, of course, he expressed no confidence.
The low through each event and day is here clearly expressed as the texts are given settings for the people as well as choirs.
The victory of Christ at the cost of his life is faithfully expressed where sorrow and joy are mingled.
This group produced a figure of 59 per cent expressing concern at NALGO's affiliation to the NAC.
A priest is the sign of the relationship between Christ and the Church against the background of a covenant expressed in terms of bridegroom and bride.
It expresses the masculine initiative of Christ's saving, self-giving love and the need for the response in love of the Church/bride.
‘It is the Eucharist above all that expresses the redemptive act of Christ the Bridegroom towards the Church the Bride’.
It expresses the intuition that sexual differences, made for the loving communion of persons, mirror God and image the relationship of Christ and the Church.
THE Holy Father has expressed the wish that the Eucharistic Congress (Seville, 7th–13th June)‘should involve every particular church, every parish, every religious community…by means of a more intense catechesis on the Eucharist, a more knowledgeable and active participation in the liturgy and a sense of adoration capable of interiorising the celebration of the Paschal Mystery…‘
I am writing to you in my capacity as Chairman of the Committee for International Justice and Peace of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of England and Wales, to express our concern about the danger of nuclear proliferation.
We are anxious to express our wholehearted support for the renewal, on a permanent basis, of the Nuclear-Non Proliferation Treaty — an objective which we know is shared by HMG.
Niall Cooper, CNHC's national organiser said that ‘all those attending the lobby have expressed their outrage at the deepening crisis in housing and many MPs were surprised by the level of concern and involvement of church groups.’
The talks have been arranged by the Bradford Area Pastoral Council in response to a need expressed in parishes in the area.
Once it was accepted that this kind of question could be raised, the way was open to the conclusion that the Bible should simply be treated as a collection of ancient religious literature with no special claims to be heard or accepted except where it happened to express some general religious ‘principle’ that could be recognised as universally valid — the kernel within the husk.
A not dissimilar attitude was later expressed with classic simplicity by the great French astronomer Laplace.
The Enlightenment debates about the Bible, miracles and natural religion all throw into relief one of the characteristic new attitudes of the age, acutely expressed in Pope's lines from his Essay on Man (1733–4),
This focus on experience (in Greek empeiria ) is expressed in the standard description of Hume's type of philosophy as empiricist rather than rationalist; and empiricism of this stamp has been especially influential in British philosophy in more recent times as well.
All we in fact observe is that h is regularly followed by B. This consistent association leads us to connect the two in our own minds, to expect A always to be followed by B, and this we then express by saying that A is the cause of B and B the effect of A. This is all perfectly in order, and indeed it is through such links and associations that we build up an ordered and coherent conception of the world around us and make sense of our experience of it.
The doctrine of the Trinity ‘is not an immediate utterance concerning the Christian self-consciousness, but only a combination of several such utterances’; that is, it serves to combine and hold together the different affirmations of the Christian consciousness concerning God the Father, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit, but it is essentially a theological construction which has its place in theology but should not be taken as expressing the truth about God .
He ushered in a new era in the study of religion and of theology; he brought a new conception of what the disciplined and ordered study of both could be; he underlined in epoch-making fashion the importance of the subjective aspect of religious awareness, pointing to what lies deeper than intellectual formulations, yet is not reducible to inchoate and diffuse ‘feelings’; he attempted to grasp and express in an original and modern way the abiding significance of Jesus, and to uncover the living and personal meaning of what were in danger of being dismissed as merely the fossilised accretions of doctrine.
Indeed, it is no exaggeration to say that Harnack's exposition expresses the popular conception of Christianity of the contemporary Christian ‘man in the street’— a broadly ethical Unitarianism, in which Jesus is seen as a noble teacher and inspiring example of love and heroic self-sacrifice.
Rather, the dogma is a means of expressing the more general principle which he brings to awareness in our religious consciousness.
This combination of an insistence on the relativity of history and an attempt to express the significance of Jesus in terms which appeal to something more universal than the concrete particular person of Jesus himself was indeed widely characteristic of much nineteenth-century thought.
They are the means used by the writers and the early church to express their own awareness of the significance of Jesus who, as the Founder of Christianity, had been the first to discover the deep truth that God and man are one.
But what is said about Jesus really expresses the truth about the human race as a whole.
This new, technical use of ‘myth’ to mean, not a falsehood, but  a truth indirectly expressed, has since become very common in theology — though not always with the same idea about what truth actually is as in Strauss.
He believed that once the real heart and living impulse at its core were discerned, it had validity and significance as expressing the nature of man himself.
The first has to do with his understanding of the character of truth and the way in which it is opened up and attained, and is expressed in one of his battle-cries, ‘Truth is subjectivity!’
Strauss had settled that question by treating them as myths, in which the significance of Jesus was indirectly expressed.
Without the fourth gospel there were very few sayings which could be taken as directly expressing what Jesus' own self-understanding might have been; for most of these statements are in it, not in the synoptics.
In moral (or human) science, by contrast, we deal with that with which we have immediate contact within ourselves — the human spirit and the forms in which it expresses and manifests itself.
It underlined, as Barth had done, the absolute contrast between God and man, the interplay of the ‘No!’ and the ‘Yes!’of the Word to man; and also, following from these, the fact that no human speaking about God could directly or immediately express or contain the truth about him.
In each of these forms, the Word is the Word insofar and only insofar as God really expresses and communicates himself through it; and the special task of Christian dogmatics is to refer the present proclamation of Jesus Christ back to its original ground in God himself in order to clear away distortions and misrepresentations so that the Word itself can be heard afresh in its own integrity.
The clearest and harshest expression of this twofold approach (and one which certainly brings into the open its ultimate presuppositions) was perhaps the application of the doctrine of predestination in the Federal or Covenant Theology of the seventeenth century as expressed in such classic statements as the Westminster Confession , which for centuries held sway on both sides of the Atlantic as the most widely authoritative summary in English of Reformed orthodoxy.
This movement ‘down’ from God to man expresses and reveals the character and nature of God himself; for his being is not separate from his action ; and in the answering movement ‘up’from man to God, we see that human existence itself is grounded upon and made to answer to the divine initiative.
The Association of British Mountain Guides, of which Rowland is a member, expressed their deep concern, and ordinary climbers across the land who love Cornwall shuddered at the hypocrisy of it.
On Clwyd limestone, fears had been expressed over the possibility of losing the trees along the top of the World's End crags.
A project to computerise the national accounting system of Romania is currently under way, though Ruman expressed caution regarding his company's chances of winning that account.
Unisys uses this never-before-released measure to express the technological leap it believes Pentium represents.
Expressing an opinion about the coming Windows NT-on-Pentium versus Unix-on-RISC war, Rhines thought that the Pentium, coming in with lower performance, still in pre-production volumes two years later than RISC processors, could never hope to catch up with RISC.
By means of a comparative approach, as Galenson (1952, p. v) expresses it, ‘hypotheses that grew out of peculiar conditions in one country can…be tested against other bodies of experience, and reconciliation sought in differences among the determining factors.’
They were the only source of direct involvement for the rank and file as the channel through which they expressed their demands and discontent.
As Goodman has expressed it, in attempting generalisations for European industrial relations which cut across national boundaries
He expresses the view that strikes will be fewer in number where collective bargaining is conducted at higher levels and more numerous where there is plant bargaining, largely because, in the latter case, since all workers within an industry or region need not be brought out, strikes can be called at much less cost to the membership as a whole.
Social distance can be expressed as a series of  questions constituting a rating scale.
It seems that there is the possibility of using a sign code, but it does not express itself among deaf people in this sort of task as clearly as speech coding does in hearing people.
This can also be shown to be true in BSL, indicating that surface features of languages may be used in different ways to express conceptual material but that these differences should not be seen as deficits.
This idea is so fundamental to the principle of interpretation that it is expressed, in slightly different forms, by various writers.
Seleskovitch (1978) perhaps encompasses both Namy and Pergnier in what she terms the ‘keyhole’ principle: the fact that language meaning through translation may not convey message meaning and the corollary that message meaning is expressed through different salient characteristics.
This is a frequent statement and is implicit in views such as those expressed by Braybrook and Powell (1980).
This is completely contrary to the present recognition of the priority of function neatly expressed in Cazden ‘s maxim ‘take care of function and the structure will take care of itself’.
It is a course for people with experience of life who enjoy exploring ideas and who have confidence in their ability to form and to express opinions.
They will also have gained considerable confidence in confronting, examining and expressing new ideas in a new language.
The exercises develop the reading skills necessary to find the main ideas expressed in a passage, to follow the development of the argument, and to pinpoint specific information.
Your students will be prepared for each news item by structured discussion, and then helped with language and comprehension while watching; after each item, they will practise and consolidate skills and vocabulary, through parallel reading and further exercises; and finally they will be able to express themselves in follow-up writing tasks and communicative activities, such as making their own radio broadcast.
It provides an open invitation to language learners to use their imagination creatively, express their views openly, and gain greater confidence with the language they need.
In addition to more traditional exercises, there are pairwork activities, games, puzzles, and opportunities for learners to express their own views and talk about their own lives.
The key language points are presented in a clear and systematic manner through topical themes that are guaranteed to motivate students to express their opinions and participate actively in class discussion.
Simple expressions, simply expressed.
Project work is an opportunity for learners to express their own ideas, feelings and opinions, which stimulates their critical awareness, logical thought and creativity.
Through project work, English becomes a window on the culture of the English speaking world, and a means through which learners can express their own culture.
Through project work, learners are able to express their own ideas and opinions in English.
Above all, project work provides learners with the opportunity to use the newly-acquired language to talk about themselves, and to express their own ideas, feelings, and opinions.
Doctrinally, the canons were undeniably Calvinist in outlook; yet at the same time they expressed some ambivalence over the doctrine of predestination, and hinted at a recognition of the potentially damaging consequences of it being inadequately or incorrectly explained to the laity.
In the tract Man's Mortalitie , published in 1644, the Leveller Richard Overton expressed his belief in mortalism, the heretical idea that the soul dies with the body at death to be reborn with it at the Second Coming.
In the late 1640s and early 1650s, radicals like William Walwyn and Gerrard Winstanley began to express doubts about the doctrine of hell, while the Ranters went so far as to deny the existence of sin, and some early English Unitarians, such as John Bidle, attacked the doctrine of the trinity and denied Christ's divinity.
A number of distinct but linked motivations accounted for this high level of support, including a personal piety which sought the glorification of God, a deeply-felt anxiety about the attaining of personal salvation, and a desire to display their wealth and express their communal pride in impressive local buildings.
When the Oxford academic Henry Foulis declared in 1671 that ‘Treason [is]the sign of the true Roman religion’, he was expressing an opinion that the great majority of his contemporaries still accepted without question.
Especially important were the growing certainties of liberal political economy and the theme of antislavery as expressing the national interest and, as an important moral component, the sense of national duty the British people owed the world and themselves.
Yet, as Sharp expressed it, Christ taught ‘that all mankind , even our professed enemies …must necessarily be esteemed our neighbours…so that the same benevolence…is indisputably due,under the Gospel , to our brethren of the universe ’.
The third religious tradition in antislavery, Rational Dissent, increasingly expressed in Unitarian ideas, came into open conflict with the other two traditions at the end of the eighteenth century.
But they drew more explicitly upon Enlightenment ideas and liberal political tradition and so expressed their anxieties about infractions of the right order in language which often sounded more secular.
It was a fear expressed across the religious spectrum of antislavery and a major source of the conviction, particularly of Unitarians, that the slave trade was a subject not for sectarian difference but for the united opposition ‘of the various denominations of Christians ’.
Robinson expressed it most explicitly:
Its injustice was expressed in its provocation of human pain and disorder as ‘ties of kindred may be torn violently asunder’ and because law in the plantation colonies was no guardian of order for the slave victims.
This was a position which also continued to express the preference of most abolitionists that government intervention be limited to policy guidelines to be rendered into detailed legislation and implemented by local assemblies and officials except in the Crown Colonies.
What Liverpool abolitionists initially expressed other local associations — in Hull, Norwich and  Leicestershire for example— rapidly adopted.
The insistence that emancipation was in the national interest expressed this.
Pro-emancipationists indicated their reliance on popular opinion expressed in petitions from the country and went along only reluctantly, and sceptically, with the government's hope for co-operative measures of amelioration by colonial assemblies.
As Birmingham abolitionists expressed it at their celebratory public breakfast in the Town Hall on 2 August 1838, with slaves ‘relying on their own peaceful and persevering efforts for the removal of every vestige of oppression’ and with ‘the continued vigilant aid of the British people, under the blessing of Divine Providence’they foresaw  ‘the progressive development of the glorious results of free institutions and the reconstruction on purer and better principles of the now disorganised elements of colonial society’.
The religious developments sketched in chapter 1 also in part expressed these tensions while providing a framework — without offering simply and divisively political answers — within which anxieties expressed through the issues of the slave trade and slavery could be handled.
The idea of an underlying providential moral or natural order which the earthly order of things should attempt to express, it may be supposed, demonstrated the need for change while offering security and assurance about its legitimacy.
Although the campaign against apprenticeship brought a renewal of petitioning, by 1838 the Scots abolitionist William Smeal was expressing his disappointment at how ‘cavalierly’ petitions which had taken so much effort were received by the Commons.
If the convention as anti-parliament is understood as assuming that the people's wishes must prevail, that the convention better expressed those wishes than parliament and therefore in any contest between the two popular loyalty should be to the convention, as abolitionists employed it in the 1830s, it was closer to a focus for intensifying ‘pressure from without’ than an alternative to parliament.
Thus the conventions expressed a provincial assertiveness and dissatisfaction at both parliamentary manoeuvre and the sense of apartness manifested by Buxton in his parliamentary role.
This is not to say that the emergence of more popularly-orientated styles of activity expressed a displacement of sectarian religious feeling but antislavery none the less did become an important channel for religious feeling which looked to a broader moral enhancement of English society and in turn that had to involve the full-hearted commitment of a myriad of individuals and groups.
Religious networks could make for a unified effort or become the vertebrae of different segments of reformers whose conflicts were expressed in organisational diversity and competition.
In the language of religious contemporaries abolitionists were people who experienced and expressed ‘christian joyousness’, secure in ‘the divine authority of our principles.’
His talents and character perfectly qualified him for his role and his motives expressed ‘an awful sense of his duty as a Christian’.
Sectarian tensions within antislavery also provided the terms within which hostility to, or criticism of, individuals or groups of abolitionists were expressed.
Those circumstances included the increasingly expressed distaste of more extreme evangelical Anglicans for collaboration with nonconformists and a tendency of such people towards Toryism.
On the basis of these standard skills there is enormous flexibility for the individual to develop his own identity and to express it through his specialised skills.
Human resources might be expressed in terms of either since capacities can be transformed into abilities by training.
On the other hand no manager willingly accepts a new member of staff without the use of a selection interview, no doctor will express a confident diagnosis without an interview with the patient, and no counsellor could function without meeting his clients face to face.
Computer aided instruction (C.A.I.) strictly should cover other techniques such as simulation and computer based procedures but it is usually intended to mean a situation where a student sits   in front of a screen on which the presented formats relate to his developing cognitive activity as expressed by his manipulations of the associated key-board.
Ironically, it was in the two countries, France and West Germany, which Schuman had seen as the hub of his scheme that the most vocal opposition was expressed.
It was these which made progress relatively slow, and which on occasions even led the High Authority to bow down to views expressed in the Special Council of Ministers even where under the treaty it had undisputed authority to act.
Though these objectives were expressed in economic terms, it was clear that a political purpose lay behind them.
Détente was the catchphrase in which Western Europe wanted to believe — although, despite the wish to be master of its own destiny, Western Europe was nevertheless still not prepared to relax its concern about security as expressed through NATO.
This attitude also led him to express his distaste  for the American-sponsored discussions on world trade, known as the Kennedy Round, that were currently being conducted within GATT: again, he suspected that they would produce a heightened American influence in Europe, something that would not be in Western Europe's or France's interests.
It was for that reason that France was hostile to both proposals: de Gaulle had already expressed his belief that the Commission already had too much power.
This was a very useful corrective to the hyperbole of the trade papers but on occasions even they expressed surprise at the popularity of their industry and were happy to concede that movies were succeeding for very basic reasons.
From his vast knowledge of that swirling urban society in London and New York it was the type that could be swept up and then knocked back down that Chaplin chose to express the emotions of a whole era.
He was always a showman but one whose genius allowed him to become an artist and as an artist he knew that the human spirit was best defended and expressed on the mythic plane.
Daily newspapers were far more aware of how society was changing and in 1929 London's Daily Express invited its readers to send in postcards giving their own views on films.
This step was welcomed by the Cinematograph Times , which could not resist pointing out that ‘much of the criticism directed against the art expressed in the cinema originates from the small class not yet accustomed to modern  outlook’ who assumes ‘that no art can exist or progress that does not begin with their patronage’and ‘who do not yet appreciate that the masses today are fully competent to judge and to give expression to their own tastes’.
Meanwhile Dorothy Richardson had suddenly been struck by the thought that the popular insistence of the happy ending was perhaps, however crudely expressed, ‘the truth of life’ and a tribute ‘to their unconscious certainty that life is ultimately good’.
These noble sentiments, of course, were only expressed after the question of whether this was what people wanted had been asked.
They express their aggression using batteries of stinging cells, called nematocysts, which are directed towards neighbouring colonies the more invasive species deterring advances in growth by less aggressive species.
In one case, the MoD expressed a desire that the airframe in question go to a good home.
The team at Marham, overseen by Fred Beamish, have produced an aircraft which they proudly boast is one of the best preserved in the country and wish to express their thanks for their help to Pat Waterhouse, a former RAF sergeant painter and finisher now with the RAF Museum at Cardington, who provided invaluable help, Colin Jardine, manager of the Product Support Dept at BAe Manchester who provided all the technical drawings for the finishings and markings, and Sgt Tom Patel at RAF St Athan who supplied all the necessary stencils, enabling all the finer details to be added.
We expressed, to the small group now assembled at the innocent French people who had been killed in this tragic disaster, but they all said, very sympathetically —‘C'est la guerre’.
Catch the Express
Our October issue reported the possibility of a DH.86 Express coming ‘back’ to life.
The relief felt tat the completion of the tour is expressed in Dan's notes made after each mission.
In contrast, only a minority of girls express an interest in science at any age but there is no obvious swing from science in the middle and late teens.
However, they do not necessarily share the views expressed in this chapter.
Dare we risk our existence by forcibly expressing our views on this?
Within the last ten years, during which time interest had shifted to the curriculum of the average and below-average child, widespread dissatisfaction has been expressed with the traditional grammar school education.
In This New Season , a book about English teaching in Stepney, Chris Searle expresses his belief in the validity of working-class culture and the English teacher's responsibility to encourage children's pride in their own identity.
Some university mathematicians, on the other hand, especially those pure mathematicians teaching the post-1800 algebras, were beginning to express some concern over the nature of school mathematics.
Other studies have also shown that many teachers express stereotyped and often contradictory generalizations about black pupils, with some teachers tending to regard Afro-Caribbean pupils as lazy and withdrawn while others thought them to be aggressive and disruptive; a common stereotype of Asian pupils among teachers is that they are passive and industrious but they and their parents are over-ambitious (Brittan, 1976; Giles, 1977; Verma, 1982; Lee and Wrench, 1983; Swann, 1985; Eggleston et al .,
At the level of rhetoric much concern has been expressed about female underachievement even if the reference is generally to the experiences of white girls.
He was not dissuaded from this strategy by the awesome losses of the Somme offensive in 1916, nor by the doubts expressed regarding the scheme by his Intelligence staff and his fellow commanders.
Gough, earlier a convinced supporter of the attack, now expressed himself uneasy to Haig, but the Commander-in-Chief was fatally confident of a successful outcome.
Many readers expressed surprise at the findings, but I was not among them.
It is of little value to a child if he or she can express him or herself in words but is unable to write in a legible hand.
In Sweden (a country I have visited regularly since 1976) there is a desire, expressed by both teachers and senior government educational advisors, to use the most recent läroplan (the centrally imposed school curriculum) as a starting point for creative teaching which takes into account the needs of children and the way in which they learn.
This problem faced by the teacher who sees himself as deliverer of prepacked information is admirably expressed by Caldwell Cook, who worked in the Perse School, Cambridge.
to give children the opportunity to express themselves through a variety of approaches including descriptive, imaginative and creative poetry and prose.
Expressed in this way, the thesis has attractions.
This view was expressed forcibly but politely to students who were being prepared to teach in state schools.
At the same time as this was happening teachers demanded to be treated ‘as professionals’, scornfully ignoring the view, repeatedly expressed, that the disruption of children's education for so long a period was hardly the behaviour that one might expect from members of a ‘profession’.
That teachers — young, middle-aged, and those near retirement — can be asked to express how they really feel about curriculum developments can only be for the good.
These priorities, for example, might be expressed through a request to teach a different age group or to be given time to take a specific course.
When I visited Roehampton to prepare an article for the Times Educational Supplement , Dr Shipman expressed his hopes that the scheme would ‘lead to an initial preparation for teaching that blends theory and practice in courses that are coherent and intellectually stretching’.
Most negative criticisms of the quality of search work were expressed verbally on home territory to the author; relatively few clients were prepared to commit themselves to serious discontent on paper, even anonymously.
Only one contributor, a human resources director, expressed herself as entirely anti-headhunting, during a two-hour interview at British Airways' Heathrow-based central office, and she may be seen as principally involved in lower-level recruitment.
He thought that headhunters were kept on their toes by the generally-held view — expressed frequently both inside and outside the headhunting industry — that a consultant is only as good  as his or her last assignment.
One large car-hire company, who expressed mixed feelings about headhunters, had a suspicion about a possible leak by a search firm: ‘we believe there was but we could not sustain it’ with any evidence.
A Far Eastern bank's personnel spokesman agreed that generally good candidates had been found but, in common with two anonymous respondents, he would not comment on specific firms and expressed a lack of confidence in many of them.
Lynda Philamore, head of assessment and recruitment at British Airways — ranked 26 in The Times 1000 and employer of 44000 — was exceptional in this survey in expressing almost entirely negative views about the executive search industry, despite the publicity surrounding the success of headhunted chief executive Colin Marshall.
All the other respondents referred to specific firms, with the mining conglomerate expressing satisfaction with service from multinational firm Korn/Ferry as well as a number of smaller, British-based firms who nevertheless have overseas offices: Canny Bowen, Tyzack and GKR.
The larger firms usually had a ‘wider range of contacts and resource immediately on tap’, but the respondent did not express a preference for them.
Adrian Gozzard, ex-Plessey, also expressed a preference for consultants who took responsibility for all parts of the search, bringing in the business in the first place and the, closely supervising the research.
Graham Shaw, when at Cadbury Schweppes, also expressed loyalty to particular search firms, quoting regular use of only three.
Unlike Tesco, he had not experienced a heavy-handed or demanding manner from any of them, and was convinced by the value of the work they had done, without expressing a preference for any particular one.
Another criticism generally expressed was that headhunters, having approached a candidate and then been turned down, did not hesitate to make the most of the contact they had made despite the rejection and go on to ask, ‘Well, can you recommend someone who would be interested?’
Thagard expresses it neatly:
We can acquiesce in this thought experiment only because we implicitly assume that enough behavioural complexity will be discovered for us to regard tribe members as having beliefs and intentions, even if,ex hypothesi , their very simple language does not permit them to express these beliefs and intentions.
The child in due course in new contexts uses the modifier with substantives, thereby expressing his desires more clearly.
Why not interpret her as expressing something tantamount to ‘I have an unfulfilled desire’, or, ‘make me feel nice!’?
One would be hard put also to find grounds for the attribution of the beliefs thus expressible to creatures that might be thought to have but not express them:
In doing so he might find himself in the company of evolutionary epistemologists such as Riedl (1979), whose over-arching theory of life as an ‘erkenntnisgewinnender prozess’ seems to require a unitary notion of knowledge or information, information that can be stored in a genome at  one end of the evolutionary spectrum, as well as be expressed, at the other end, by scientific theories that make the world a less strange place to live in.
It is only necessary, for the paradox to have its force, that an assertion that p provide grounds for believing (rather than:express ) that the speaker believes that p.
Now whenever I speak, this provides grounds for believing that I have vocal chords; but it does not express that fact.
Geschwind's express intention was to find physiological correlates of linguistic capacities, in order to bring language within the scope of scientific materialism.
Note that this claim would not be undermined by showing that infants ‘mindlessly’ master the communicative content of structured sentences before it dawns on them gradually that assertions express beliefs and that deceit is possible.
That there is a conventional element in the distinction is shown by the fact that procedures expressed as programs can also be expressed by the hardware structure of machines: the principal programming language of AI is LISP, which has been in existence for about twenty years, but only recently has a ‘hard-wired’ LISP-machine been built, one in which the LISP programs are more straight forwardly isomorphic with the operations of the hardware.
These lights are in one-to-one relationships with certain key registers of the machine and actually express the binary numbers in them (a light being off for 0 and on for 1).
The US Government is reliably said to have invested large sums from its military budget on research in which impulses from computers (which might give you something like the binary number level of the program) were detected at a distance and the task was to see whether the highest level of program (expressing what the real purpose of the program was) could be reliably inferred.
In sum, then, there is no reason to believe that, in a complex machine, the real processes can be inferred reliably from any number of observations of internal behaviour (in the sense in which the changing of register contents expressed in binary numbers is internal behaviour), in the absence of knowledge of a quite different type: the language in which the processes have been expressed to the machine.
The notion of difference of level between quite different programming languages can equally well be expressed within a single language: at a single level of language, say of the programming language LISP, one normally defines a function in terms of sub-functions, so that I might for example write a function WALK(x) (where x ranges over walkers) whose sub-functions (to be executed in order) might be some form of LIFT-RIGHT-LEG; FLEX-RIGHT-FOOT; and so on(I am not suggesting that sequence would be even remotely plausible in fact).
There are great difficulties about this notion, however crudely one expresses it, and however firm the intuition that it is true, and they come from well-known considerations to do with unconscious and sub-conscious aspects of the mind, as well as from the more rococo possibilities of more than one conscious individual within a single body, which has recently been connected with research on the status and relationship of the two hemispheres of the brain (cf.
Not only do they fail to express what it is like to be a sea-urchin, fly, or dog, but they also fail to articulate the specific psychological functions involved.
Significantly, it has been held back also by the absence of concepts suited to expressing the psychological processes involved in perception.
General results in the theory of computation might throw light on animal perception, by showing that a given type of representation in principle could not express a certain type of information, or that it would he enormously less efficient than most other type.
Applying this distinction to our kingfisher cartoon, for example, the formula expressing Snell's law is a Fregean representation, whereas the diagram itself (with the lines representing the paths of light and constructing the relevant angles) is an analogical representation.
I remarked above that von Uexkull's pictures fail to express the phenomenological quality of what it is like to be a sea-urchin, fly, or dog — or, one might add, a bat (Nagel 1974).
Its smooth ivory planes suggested beauty without exactly expressing it, as if awaiting a stimulus to burst into life.
A river of people surged, fighting to gain the central express strip where that panic-stricken river raced fastest.
Often a would-be escapee, whose one foot was on the express  path and whose other was still on the slower acceleration strip, was whirled aside in an eddy and sucked underfoot.
They even expressed affection obscenely, as if to purge their relationships of any possible betraying taint.
He could sing of lizard-clad nobles hunting for trophies, and of body-heat orgies and mutations of the eye, and of a lone white-haired woman whose senses had been scarified, locked in a sanctum forever, her mind reaching to the stars; and out among all those stars and worlds that she spoke to in her mind, no fellow spirit yearned towards her or was able to express any such feeling —’
People whose parents baptised them into the Roman Catholic Church will probably be counted as Catholics all their lives — even if they never go to church; for people to be counted as Baptists, however, they will have to have expressed a strong commitment to their faith and to have undergone adult baptism.
Media reports of child abuse cases often express this sense of moral outrage.
The Monster: ‘Cannibal Kid’ Gets Life for Murder of Little Tyra (Daily Express 26.7.85)
Whereas the Albemarle Report had seen them as shallow and frivolous, as examples of young people being manipulated by commercial interests, or even as hooliganism, the CCCS saw them as important and creative in their own right — as young people expressing their own point of view.
Willis' account, relying upon Marxist interpretation of the data, portrayed the lads as expressing a kind of rebellion, for in doing so they had developed an awareness of their class position.
Other aspects of their behaviour were less appealing however, for the ‘lads’ helped to cement their peer group solidarity by expressing abusive attitudes towards black people and a savagely sexist contempt for girls.
One of these was that of the ‘lads’ who were much like Willis' ‘lads’, in the sense that they were concerned to express themselves through symbols of adult masculinity and debunked most forms of authority and ‘respectable’living.
They argue that this puts the researcher on a more equal footing with the people being interviewed and a flowed the interviewees' own feelings to be expressed.
It was better than formal interviews for probing attitudes to an area of social life where women expressed lack of interest.
And women have not been present in those circles with the result that they have been deprived of the means to participate in the construction of forms of thought which are relevant or adequate to express their own experience,(Spender, 1981, p. 3).
Europe, of course, still contained many nations which had no state to express, far less to guarantee, their political existence; the Poles were the glaring example.
In the 1880s there had begun to run on them the transcontinental luxury expresses which were to dominate long-distance land travel until the second world war.
It has been simply expressed in a mathematical form.
Expressed in the Dreikaiserbund and in the hands of a Bismarck, the self-interest of monarchs could be of European significance as a force for peace.
In England, Joseph Chamberlain dreamed of an Anglo-Saxon-German alliance and scholarships founded by Cecil Rhodes expressed the same aspiration.
Across all this now fell the force of panslavism, a force hard to define, but increasingly expressing purely nationalist feeling, hostility towards Austria-Hungary and readiness to abandon the entente with Berlin.
The tsar expressed his annoyance by a gesture; he repudiated the free-port status which had been given to Batum by the Treaty of Berlin.
There is nothing that the dog could do that could express the difference between the two thoughts: ‘My master is at the door’ and ‘I am thinking that my master is at the door’.
She also uses signs expressing future intentions' (1979: 94).
Do I have a right to pursue the person who drops litter, using its return as an excuse for expressing my anger?
Or a bird surely has a right to fly, and keeping a bird captive in a small cage that prevents this is immoral in much the same way as is not allowing a person to express himself verbally…
The quantum leap expressed itself partly in population levels.
It may be that the temples, through their bureaucracy, were able to set quotas on production in the rural villages; these may have been specified taxes, or tribute, or they may have been expressed as required offerings.
But, however it was organized and expressed, the extensive store-rooms of the temples needed a very large inflow of produce from the rural areas to fill them.
Probably the bull dance expressed the interweaving of human and divine destinies; there were elements of collusion and elements of struggle with the deity.
In mid-summer, when the marks are most fully expressed, the genotypes of most plants can be identified in the field and an estimate of the number of clones present within an area can be made: it will, of course, be a minimal estimate.
The performance of the transplants was measured by vegetative growth expressed as dry weight at harvest after twelve months.
There is considerable variation in the extent to which cyanogenic properties are expressed and there is some seasonal and perhaps other causes of variation in expression.
In his famous concluding paragraph of The Origin of Species Darwin expressed wonder that the diversity of the organic world can have been produced from one or a few ancestors by the operation of several natural laws —‘there is grandeur in this view of life…’.
Obviously, significant radiations will appear as marked increases, and extinctions as decreases of diversity, while the degree to which free migration is inhibited by geographic barriers, thereby promoting genetic isolation according to the classic model (Mayr, 1963), should be expressed by the ratio of endemic to pandemic organisms.
First, it is technically possible to predict patterns of cultural diversity, expressed as the ethnographic curves, from a knowledge of individual cognitive development, and also to perform the reverse: to infer at least some of the principal properties of cognitive development from a knowledge of the pattern of cultural diversity.
Whether the particular scheme summarized here can contribute substantially to that end remains to be seen, but I hope at the very least I have been able to express why I believe that the social sciences will eventually be fused with biology.
In one of the two cases we have considered — incest — the prohibition is paradoxically related to pre-cultural dispositions: it expresses their function, but not their content.
It is only if we can read that record that we can discover some very important biological characteristics of human beings, since (to repeat an earlier point) it is through convention, convention that has a history, that human nature is expressed.
On that view it must be man's deepest desire — need?— purpose?— satisfaction?— to live in the way that is in this objective sense appropriate to him (the fact that modern words break up into these alternatives expresses the modern break-up of Aristotle's view).
Consent must be won; although the ideas consented to may ‘in fact express the needs of a dominant class’.
The press barons — in particular Beaverbrook (who owned the Express ) and Rothermere (who owned the Mail )— had amassed their vast power through their industrial holdings and/or their ownership of large circulation, and profitable, newspapers.
The Express and the Mail saw the Empire Crusade as a means of uniting the Empire by encouraging free trade within it and both newspapers gave publicity and financial support to those by-election candidates who promised to uphold that line in Parliament.
This theme was echoed in Baldwin's now famous attack on the press when he accused the proprietors of the Mail, Express and Herald of wanting
The sale of the Express Group by Fleet Holdings (ex-Trafalgar House) to United Newspapers in the mid-1980s, the sale of the Telegraph to the Canadian Conrad Black, the re-launch and closure of the Evening Standard (1987), the launch and demise of the London Daily News and the purchase of Today by Murdoch (1987) amongst other recent changes, have all the appearances of companies engaging in long-term strategic planning rather than political machination on behalf of any specific political faction.
Such a connection between newspapers and political parties is only to be expected; newspapers have traditionally wished to play a part in the political system and have never been reluctant to express a view (‘The Sun says’) on the ways of the world.
The Mail , the Express , and The Times , for instance, have always preferred ‘conservative’ Parties.
But the enthusiasm so often expressed in favour of change produced little movement within the industry.
The same story can be repeated for the FT ,Observer, Mirror group,Express newspapers and the Mail group of newspapers.
Such a system of financing broadcasting would ensure that the public exercised a choice over what it watched and expressed its preferences through direct payments.
Most have impressive scars which they cheerfully exhibit to anyone foolhardy enough to express an interest.
I was sad to learn in Outdoor Action of the disappointment expressed by founder Edwin Drummond on the low turn-out and money raised.
You may also find it useful to know a binocular's field of view — usually expressed as the width of the area you can see at a distance of 1000m or 3,280ft.
The holiday firm then plans several possible packages, and conducts another poll inviting people to choose between them, or to express some other preference.
The point to remember is that any hunch, whether formally expressed as a hypothesis or not, is going to affect the general approach of the researcher and what questions are asked.
Of course, they will always involve open questions, and the results are almost impossible to express statistically.
Processing the data and analysing the results Having collected all the completed questionnaires or interview schedules, it is time to process the data, putting answers into categories, adding up totals, and generally finding out the pattern of the responses and expressing them in statistical terms.
It produces data that can easily be expressed in statistical form.
Nearly all the guards expressed regret at having to finish the experiment early.
Every community will have its secrets, and every individual in it will have views that they would not normally express to others, but do express to the researcher.
He was a radical and five times the Mayor of  Bedford, remaining on the council until 1892, when he was voted out by the Conservatives (who expressed personal regret).
The Mayor of Bedford wrote to the Board expressing the concern of the Justices of Peace about the state of insubordination in the workhouse.
In June 1901, the Board received a letter in which he expressed his gratitude for the provision of a room for himself, and congratulated them on the efficient way in which the alterations had been carried out.
The workhouse visitors, who functioned as a house committee, had noted  that the supply of water to the workhouse had failed on several occasions, and they expressed the hope that an adequate supply would be forthcoming quickly, ‘which would enable each person to have a fresh quantity for his or her bath’.
A resident of Kimbolton Road expressed the fear that the new infirmary might be prejudicial to his property.
Mr. S. Walker left a note for the Board of Guardians expressing thanks for their kind and courteous hearing when his group had been interviewed on the subject of the unemployed marchers, and for the treatment they had received at the institution.
Walter Gifford Nash, honorary surgeon at the County Hospital, had expressed support for co-operation with the local authority, but added a rider to the effect that if the voluntary hospital were enlarged and improved, and if it increased its work, ‘County Council would have very little to do’.
At the annual meeting of the governors of the County Hospital in 1931, some doubts were expressed:
The committee, expressing their thanks to Lord Nuffield, who had provided an iron lung for the treatment of poliomyelitis victims, accepted liability for its maintenance costs, amounting to £1 per annum.
The bread supplied by Benjamin Maulden was ‘very indifferently baked’ and the house surgeon was to write to him expressing the Board's dissatisfaction — which was extended to a Mr. Bentham, whose bread was found to be underweight.
In his reply Dr. Yeats expressed his gratitude and assured Whitbread that he would take the earliest opportunity of using the oil; a month later however, the doctor sent his servant with an apology — he had not yet had a chance to use it.
Dixon had strongly  recommended Thackeray, and had concluded his letter by expressing the hope that his Lordship had not (as he had himself had been in danger of doing) suffered in the recent inclement season by the want of fuel.
The governors felt unable to part from Dr. Yeats without expressing their ‘unfeigned regret’ at his determination to move away from Bedford.
Neurologists expressed interest in the psychological consequences of brain damage long before psychologists got involved in this field.
The functions of any single region of the brain are going to be expressed through that region's connections with other parts of the nervous system and the effects of our experimental procedures are going to depend on the nature of those interconnections.
For technical reasons spatial frequency is expressed in cycles per degree rather than cycles per centimetre.
This is normally expressed in percentage terms so, for instance, someone with full contributions will get 100 per cent of pension.
Under Section 226 contracts, this is expressed as three times pensionable earnings.
Woodward held out an American Express card for Duncan.
In the morning, when it was time to leave, he had paid at the desk with the American Express card Woodward had given him.
And you could still, as ever, pay with an American Express card.
This mutual incomprehension could, of course, be accidental; but I will suggest that it expresses a division between the two positions which runs deeper than the dispute we have so far considered.
This middle position is well expressed by Mathias.
Althusser therefore employs this method to recover from Marx's work something its author never clearly expressed.
Marx's work cannot be understood in any terms other than the ones he himself developed; but these are not spelled out, and are only indirectly expressed in his work.
The central problem with which holism has to deal — the problem that gives rise to the holist view I shall now examine — can be very simply expressed.
Another way to express this motivating power of individualism is to say that we have a tremendously strong interest in explaining at least some social phenomena in individualist terms, since this enables us to explain ourselves to ourselves; to see what it feels like to be in someone else's shoes.
Le Roy Ladurie himself characterises peasant witchcraft as expressing the frustration, anxiety and fear of people who were ‘disillusioned with ideologies of urban origin, brutalised after 1560 by war, and haunted by the spectres of misery and death — and often by fears of sexual failure’.
For a few seconds he was too shocked to speak and Rebecque assumed that the silence merely expressed Sharpe's horror at being ordered to a ball, but then the Rifleman exploded with his news.
The Prince, momentarily forgetting his orders for Sharpe to change into Dutch uniform, dominated the luncheon conversation as he eagerly expressed his wish that the French would attack before the Duke returned from his meeting with the Prussians, for then the Prince could defeat the enemy with only the help of his faithful Dutch troops.
He ‘believed that such a commonplace action expressed a careless insouciance, whereas it really betrayed his fretting nervousness.
Do women express their class affiliations differently from men though, through fantasy, rather than exclusively through collective political resistance?
Psychology's theoretical uncertainties are expressed, not just in the difficulty of getting objective knowledge of subjectivity, but also in the precarious power of the psychologist who is pursuing this knowledge:
65 per cent of female college students continued a story which begins, ‘After first term finals, Anne finds herself at the top of her medical school class’, by expressing conflicts about success, anticipating its present or future negative consequences, denying the student's effort or ability, ignoring the cue, or showing other ‘bizarre  or inappropriate responses’(1972: 161, 162).
But dominant discourses of excessive yet liberated working-class sexuality and affect (Rainwater 1972) are expressed in a gender-differentiated way in psychology, in studies of working-class male crime and leisure, and working-class women's parenting.
This convergence with traditional psychology is also expressed in an increasingly psychological approach.
Sometimes psychology associates homosexuality with transsexualism, for instance: a link which expresses common ideas of homosexuals' resemblance to the opposite sex.
Feminist psychologists must address the social formations within which subjectivities are expressed, but they need to do so in a more careful, socially and historically detailed way.
This chapter looks at some of the ways in which traditional psychological methods express conventional discourses of gender.
Ideal subjects are also active, expressing their psychology in measurable behaviour.
This ascribed passivity means that women from subordinated social groups are particularly likely to be thought unskilled in expressing themselves actively.
Bem and Locksley and Colten agree that sex-role inventories express ideas of gender in a particular community at a particular time, and so display built-in constraints and obsolescence (Bell and Schaffer 1984).
In 1985, the British Psychological Society expressed the opposition it saw between women and good theory, when it claimed, as partial grounds for its refusal of a Psychology of Women Section, that the psychology of women ‘lacks the necessary [theoretical and methodological]coherence to be the basis of a scientific Section of the Society’(Newman 1985: 2), and questioned whether this subdiscipline had the range which a full Section of the Society requires.
Discourses of gender are expressed differently within different psychological theories, and feminists have responded in significantly different ways them.
Feminist socialization theories express their conventionalism most noticeably in their relationship to biology.
This gendering is also expressed directly: because of cognitive theories' prestige, male dominance among psychologists and psychological subjects is particularly strong in them.
Recent British and US feminist debates about lesbian sado-masochism expressed this prurience (e.g. Califia 1980, Ardill and O'Sullivan 1986).
Irigaray (1985) rejects Lacan's relational account of sexual difference, in which femininity is everything that the Name of the Father, and language itself, does not express.
But most of these approaches still see signifiers as expressing meanings directly, a few or even one at a time; and therefore as being susceptible, despite their complications, to rational, more or less complete analyses.
She also suggests that, because sexual difference is always expressed phallocentrically in social relations, phallocentrism too may be inevitable.
Sometimes they approach language as if it expresses power relations and subjectivity directly, and originates from the very autonomous, fixed subjects whose existence they are challenging.
A sustained address to the linguistic and other symbol systems which support and express discourses of the individual subject and of gender might change this.
One of the respondents expressed this theme very clearly.
I always suspect that the proverbial gratitude which patients express to hospital staff is really gratitude for having got out alive!
Clients bring many issues to the solicitor, expressed and constituted in terms of a variety of everyday discourses.
The collective voice of solicitors is expressed through the Law Society, which combines the functions of a governing body and a professional association for practitioners in England and Wales.
Concern was expressed on behalf of those people in magistrates courts who were unaware of their legal rights and their entitlement to legal aid in certain criminal cases.
Concern was expressed with the results of this free-for-all policy, both as far as the number of solicitors from large firms was concerned and in respect of the quality of advocacy:
This time it was the turn of the large-practice firms and ‘Barons ‘to express successfully their concern.
The extension of the USSR's geographical writ, with the corollary that (Brezhnev expressed it), Eastern Europe's borders are ‘our borders’, turns the reliability of Eastern Europe's ruling élites and their armed forces into a matter of the utmost importance.
As Khrushchev expressed it, ‘We consider, proceeding from a Marxist-Leninist analysis of the present situation, that war is not inevitable today.
As Lenin expressed it, ‘concessions are a continuation of the war, but in a different sphere’.
For example, the information booklets prepared for parents had obviously been written with care and many of the right sentiments were expressed.
The bedrock aspirations these educators have had in common, as far as early childhood educational opportunities are concerned, are expressed in a recently  published book which is based on contemporary research and which shows the continuing aspiration for a comprehensive preschool service:
One way  of providing an integrated service, and one which is advocated by the National Association of Inspectors and Advisers (expressed in the NAIEA evidence to the Select Committee) is to develop combined centres, which offer education and day care.
Concern was expressed to the Under Fives Select Committee from all quarters about the inappropriateness of curricula and care for young children who are in effect ‘pre-school’ but not, in the main, receiving appropriate pre-school learning experiences, and who sometimes are in classes with children up to seven years of age.
The testing arrangements: The national curriculum will be intimately connected to the assessment and testing schedule at years seven, 11, 14 and 16 and the same concerns expressed in 3 a and b apply.
The tenets expressed in these two quotations have greatly influenced attitudes and the context of in-service courses, giving rise to such approaches as the special needs action programme.
express themselves in speech and writing.
Acceptance of the separate stages of rehearsal, drafting, revision, editing and publishing as normal practice for writers encourages children with  special needs to express their ideas in writing more confidently than was possible when children were expected to get everything right at the first attempt.
These tools should enable all children, not only to gain access to the curriculum but also to allow and encourage them to respond to it in a way which clearly expresses their understanding.
Others have expressed the changes in terms of the need to produce a more compliant and disciplined youth work force.
Topics and relevant issues are raised in classes which stimulate pupils to express opinions, argue, explain and negotiate for a consensus
Senior members of Her Majesty's Inspectorate who expressed similar anxieties have initiated an internal review of statutory procedures by DES officials.
I must say I agreed with them as I agreed with some of the misgivings expressed by our German colleagues, too.
‘And yet, when I got in touch with some of your business friends in Swindon they all expressed great surprise.
A few days later an Englishman had spoken to him on the phone, saying an envelope of pictures Manningham might find interesting were on the way by express registered post.
Untrained in any art school, commencing his career in the early 1930s, a homosexual, addicted to the sleazier pleasures of Soho, living for a large portion of his life in the same seedy studio in South Kensington, eschewing all official honours, and a stranger to what used to be called the ‘salons’ of high society, he succeeded in expressing in frightening imagery the horrors which lie embedded below the surface of life.
And how often do we, when faced with great masterpieces, say with the Apostle, ‘I believe, Lord help my unbelief’ and express to others an ecstasy which we do not actually feel?
We use napthol crimson and cadmium red to explore the searing intensity of heat, and we quietly express spiritual pleasures with purple, deep magenta and violet; whichever colour we choose, each has its own profound effect upon the individual.
Sometimes it is just simple the way a view is expressed (the technique) which is disliked; after all we all identify with some painter's work yet reject others based on the same theme.
Line, shape, colour, etc., is there for all, but to express pure feeling you must first of all understand the nature of the marks you are making.
Visual art has a rich and abundant language, and by learning to express and translate its varied vocabulary you gain not only the power to explore personal truths or create unique images, but you have the opportunity to show a rare insight into this diverse and extraordinary world.
Endowed with a formidable creative vigour, untrammeled by the insularity which bedevilled the English art of his day, forthright in his opinions, he expressed them in prose of clarity which had not been equalled by any British painter since Hogarth, whose art and whose personality his own so closely resembled.
Through their sculpture they almost emulated painters by expressing moods, yearnings, inward feelings, and trying and succeeding to embody visionary reflections in line with the Symbolist Movement currently so influential in Europe with its ‘erudite fancies, complicated nightmares, suave and sinister visions’, so picturesquely described by J-K Huysmans, one of the movement's literary evangelists.
In Chapter 4.4, ‘On the Dole’, Coffield takes issue with some (relatively optimistic) views of youth unemployment expressed elsewhere by Roberts that young people suffer less from unemployment than do adults.
Parents, teachers, learned and professional bodies, representatives of higher education and both sides of industry, together with the government, all have an important part to  play in formulating and expressing the purpose of education and the standards that we need.
For her part, the Minister, Shirley Williams, expressed satisfaction at this move towards open consultation on the part of the DES.
Reservations continued to be expressed about the power of teacher unions in the Council and there were those who felt that ‘the curriculum was too important to be left to teachers’.
That is to say, the initiatives that are under way , far from alleviating concerns repeatedly expressed over the years, appear to be confirming the worst suspicions of teachers and other commentators.
ISS sought to add to this by what has become perhaps the most famous aspect of the report, its philosophy of achievement as expressed in what it called the four aspects of achievement , namely
The letter expresses four concerns about the TGAT report: that the assessment proposals require an enormously elaborate and complex system; that there will be heavy reliance on teachers' judgements in addition to the nationally prescribed tests; that the costs will be considerable; and that the new system will take a long time to implement.
In England and Wales, as elsewhere, there has of late been a good deal of concern expressed about improving the quality of teaching in schools.
Similar views on such teaching have also been expressed in the USA, where researchers have voiced concern about the preponderance of what they call ‘frontal teaching’.
In a polemical critique of modern comprehensive school practice, for instance, David Hargreaves has expressed concern about the ways in which public examinations can come to dominate the process of teaching and learning in secondary schools.
In addition many parents find current educational procedures difficult to understand and are uncertain how to express their views.
Many professional and voluntary workers in the health, education, social and youth services express concern that young girls are choosing parenthood as an alternative to unemployment or tedious unskilled jobs (Johnson, 1980).
The majority of children feel great sadness and, for some, this is expressed as anger, bitterness and resentment towards the remaining parent.
McCredie and Horrox (1985) illustrated how children, who had lost one  parent through divorce and adjusted to a lone-parent family, expressed anxiety and often outright resistance to any further changes, particularly remarriage of their parent/s.
The fact that important elements in the Labour Party were thinking in these terms marked a major shift from the ideals expressed in the party's 1945 election manifesto,Let Us Face The Future : ‘[we shall]plan from the ground up, giving an appropriate place to constructive enterprise and private endeavour in the national plan’.
Furthermore, detailed studies of company performance indicate that whatever the claims and expectations expressed before a merger they were not generally realised subsequently [Meeks, 1977].
His belief in the politics of the middle way, which he had first expressed in the years of high unemployment in the 1930s, were easily reconstructed into modern Keynesianism.
Unsurprisingly, in the face of this evidence caution has been expressed: ‘Promoting a large counselling service in general practice before establishing what benefits accrue from this service is unwise.’
Bangladeshi mothers expressed concern at the possibility of infant overheating, and this was one of the explanations given for the practice of shaving babies' heads.
In contrast to the notion of vulnerability in infants expressed by Bangladeshi families, there was among Welsh and English mothers a clearer push towards encouraging babies to be independent.
The major locus, which is assumed to have two alleles — A and A' producing three genotypes AA, AA', A'A' — is defined by three parameters: q, the frequency of the major gene A'; t, the displacement — that is, the distance measured in standard deviations on the liability scale between the two homozygous genotype class means; and d, the degree of dominance, expressed as the position of the heterozygous class mean in relation to the homozygous class mean (d=0 corresponds to a recessive gene, d=1 to a dominant gene, and d=0.5 to an additive gene).
The penetrance (probability of having the disease for given genotype expressed as P (disease/genotype)) of the abnormal allele A' was almost the same for the liability classes above class 1, being 0.26 in the heterozygote or homozygote for the highest incidence groups.
The subtlety that when Irish people express their antipathy to the British, the real target of their hatred is the English, and that Ayr, the rival plant, is actually in Scotland, where a substantial proportion of the population feels just as strongly about the English as do surrogate Irish nationalists, was quite lost on the protesters across the water.
In addition to its own application programming interfaces, IBM is also supporting the Express, Linda and Parallel Virtual Machine interfaces, which should help users bring over existing parallel programs to the new machine.
Sun Microsystems Inc shares were off $2.50 at $32.375 yesterday after the company's chief financial officer suggested that the quarter's results may fall below expectations, prompting analysts at Dean Witter and Goldman Sachs to express concern about the workstation maker's order levels this quarter.
Open Software Foundation chief David Tory has begun expressing hesitancy about the Novell Inc acquisition of Unix System Laboratories Inc in the US press, noting Novell's tendency to go its own way and expressing curiosity about how it will handle the Unix Labs infrastructure: Tory said that Novell has become a lot more interested in the Foundation since the acquisition agreement, the implication being that Novell was interested in Unix Labs's version of Distributed Computing Environment software.
New York-based Systems Strategies Inc will introduce Express Peer-to-Peer real-time communications software, for linking Unix systems to IBM AS/400s: Express Peer-to-Peer enables users to perform bi-directional file transfer, execute remote job submissions, print documents on both Unix and AS/400 printers and develop program-to-program applications using IBM's LU6.2 protocol; the software supports TCP/IP and IBM's APPN network and is available at the end of the month, selling for $20,000.
Yet we are equally certain that IBM's creative urges will ultimately be expressed in the form of cinematic accomplishments of great merit and cultural value, to say nothing of bankability.
Lead underwriters are American Express Co's Lehman Brothers, Bear Stearns Co Inc and Robinson-Humphrey Co.
The new programme includes a limited three-year Express Exchange service agreement covering the LaserJet, DeskJet, ScanJet and facsimile product lines.
In the past, ICL has expressed an interest in taking on Cypress's SuperSparc-compatible part.
It takes a diligent computer journalist with a technical education two years of intense effort just to begin to feel confident of expressing an opinion on anything material about the industry, and thereafter the next four or five years will be dogged by mistakes that are intensely embarrassing to recall.
Recipients included Robert Fabry of the Computer Systems Research Group at Berkeley; Deborah Scherrer, Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory; and Bob Schiefler, X Consortium in the Academic Driver category; Mike DeFazio, Unix Labs, Armando Stettner, ex-DEC, Bruce Weiner, Mindcraft and Bob Marsh of Onyx and Plexus fame for Unix Evangelism; Steve Bourne, Vinton Cerf, Jon Mashey and Eric Schmidt for Technology; Jim Bell, Walter De Backer and Heinz Lycklama for Standards; Frame Technology, Informix, Oracle and Sybase for Applications; Larry Crume, ex-AT&T now Lotus, Geoff Morris, X/Open and Yoshiro Yoshioka, Fujitsu for Global Market Building; Hewlett-Packard, Santa Cruz Operation and Sun for Business Commitment; Burlington Coat Factory, DHL, Federal Express, Hyatt and Wal-Mart for using the stuff; Pamela Gray, Bill Joy and Doug Michels for Lifetime Achievement; Mike Azzara, Open Systems Today; Ed Taylor, Pencom; and our own Maureen O'Gara for Special Distinction.
We don't like debt,’ Sadler declared, expressing the orthodoxy of the 1990s.
Wokingham, Berkshire-based Azlan Ltd has announced its appointment as distributor for Intel Corp's range of networking products in the UK: products covered by the agreement include Storage Express back-up systems, the Ether express adaptor board range, the NetPort Printserver family, facsimile modem products and a range of network enhancement software, the firm says.
Remaining with the SMGL theme, the company also announced a new version of what was called Interleaf 5 SMGL, but in its new incarnation has been dubbed SGML Express.
SGML Express handles both ends of the operation and Interleaf says that Document Type Definitions can be installed without the programming normally required.
Gerstner came to RJR from American Express, where he had spent more than 10 years, the last four as president.
About the time Gerstner left McKinsey for American Express, Itel, a leasing company run by former McKinsey consultants, received its death blows from IBM.
PROTEON EXPRESSES PESSIMISM ABOUT THE FUTURE OF APPI
Stroud, Gloucestershire-based Top Level Computing Ltd is offering MS-DOS and Windows users upgrades to its Complete Works or Fine Words packages, for £130 and £90 respectively: Complete Works combines a word processor, spreadsheet, database and charting with new form design and filling facilities; the company reckons that the deal will be popular with users of its previous Microsoft Works package and with MS-DOS, Wordstar Express, Locoscript and Supercalc users wanting an upgrade path to Windows.
IBM Corp has been doing it for some time, and now Wordperfect Corp is doing it too — applying for patents on their software rather than relying copyright law: reason is that, as the Wall Street Journal explains, a patent can provide a company with exclusive use of its patented programs for a fixed number of years, even if another company develops the idea independently; copyright, which is created as soon as an idea is expressed in an original way, protects only the expression of the idea, not the idea itself, and it doesn't confer exclusive use if someone else develops the same software independently; downside is that getting a patent costs big — in both time and money — and once it expires, the technology it describes is free for all.
New IBM Corp chief Louis Gerstner has gone out-of-house for another top executive appointment, this time tapping one of his alma maters, American Express Co, for Abby Kohnstamm, named to the new post of vice-president, corporate marketing — her new responsibilities will include providing corporate oversight and leadership for all IBM advertising, promotion and sponsorships, overseeing use of IBM brand name worldwide, and the contributions programme also reports to her.
AT&T says it expects ‘several hundred’ of its 11m million business customers in the US to ‘express interest’in the new services in the first year or so — but will that interest be turned into contracts?
Since January, when the package went on limited release in the US, the company says it has been installed in over a dozen sites including MCI Communications Corp, Xerox Corp and American Express Co.
Advanced Computer Communications Inc, Eicon Technology Inc, General Datacomm Industries Inc, Hughes Network Systems, Madge Networks Ltd, Newbridge Networks Inc and Olicom USA Inc are also said to have expressed interest in joining.
But for this to be achieved, workers' personal feelings — and the myths and stereotypes which surround gay and lesbian sexuality — have to be openly expressed for guidance and training to be targeted effectively.
Sonia Heywood, assistant director (child care) for Wiltshire SSD, expressed some of her staff's worries about getting it wrong and mishandling the whole issue.
It adequately expressed the eternal verities of social work.
Black social workers expressed concern this week at the government's criticisms of the social work training council's anti-discriminatory policies.
Bennett expresses the fears of many: ‘We thought we had saved child benefit and now it's under threat again.’
Because the humanistic justification of social work is now outmoded, its value is expressed in harsh political terms which increase confrontation.
It also gives participants an opportunity to see the complete video and express their first impressions.
If he never said it again, the way he had just expressed himself to her would last for the rest of her life.
This view is held by Mr Leahy; it is expressed most forcibly by Jeffrey Sachs, a Harvard economist who has advised the Russians and long argued for more aid.
In theory, the UN's definition of human rights, as expressed in 1948, embraces everything from arbitrary arrest to an adequate standard of living.
Since one of the skills acquired on this course is an inability to express what you are, Mr Eyre contends, the English become adept at ‘pretending to be what they aren't’.
Yet both sides expressed satisfaction that the Israeli-Palestinian talks were finally catching up with the concurrent negotiations between Israel and its other Arab adversaries, Jordan, Lebanon and Syria.
At a cabinet meeting on May 5th, Mr Rabin said ministers who expressed their willingness to withdraw from all of the Golan Heights, and to treat with the Palestine Liberation Organisation, had undermined Israel's negotiators in Washington.
The first, inadequately expressed as ‘subsidiarity’ in the Maastricht treaty, is that the Community should expect to exercise power only where flows of things or people across frontiers make such power truly necessary.
If artists have to address the fact that AIDS-sufferers shuffle off this mortal coil faster than most of the rest of humanity, perhaps the arts most closely linked to the body can express the idea best.
Alas, there will be a continuing and increasing need to express through the arts what is unsayable elsewhere about this modern plague.
Such sentiments, expressed too loudly, could cause Penang problems in a country where the distribution of wealth between the Malays and the Chinese minority is still a central political issue.
Sadiq Safaev, the Uzbek foreign minister, expressed another worry.
A second reason, expressed by small businessmen, market women and clergymen, is the feeling that the economic growth and stability enjoyed during the seven years of Mr Museveni's presidency should be allowed time to bear fruit, before the country is divided along party lines.
In the two months since the right's crushing victory at the polls, Mr Mitterrand has only twice expressed ‘reservations’ about the government's plans (on its proposals for tightening up on law and order, and on its latest privatisation ideas).
But Mr Chirac promised that he would give his full support to the government, expressing criticism only in private to Mr Balladur.
In response, the Bank curtly expressed confidence in its possession of a ‘complete defence’.
This assuaged some of the fears expressed by managers and engineers in the existing supply undertakings about possible over-centralisation of power in a nationalised undertaking.
Gaitskell and Citrine were clear that Gibson was innocent of the whiff of corruption surrounding the allegations, to which he had no opportunity to reply (and Churchill in this case expressed his sympathy for Gibson), but his resignation had, inevitably, to he accepted.
Too great a reliance on self-financing would, however, require prices which were well above long-run costs (or as it was differently but conventionally expressed in the contemporary discussion by officials, would burden present-day consumers with an unfair proportion of the costs of supplying electricity in the future).
Some chairmen expressed their discontent with Citrine's centralising tendencies, for example, by asking to be released from their turn at occupying one of the four Central Authority seats reserved for them, or by sending deputies to headquarters meetings.
It's just necessary for me to express how very precious she was to me.
Some, no doubt, had been opened by Maestros and esoterics, in all manner of cultures, for the express purpose of their passing to and fro between worlds.
In the study of middle-class families, Firth, Hubert and Forge were able to find only small numbers of such cases, and then the conflict tended to be expressed as private resentment rather than open hostility (pp. 373–8).
This is graphically expressed by the phrase ‘intimacy at a distance’ which was first used by Rosenmayr and Kockeis (1963) and applied to the British context by Townsend (1957), in his study of the family life of old people.
Therefore the simple observation that the parent-child bond is where we find family duty and obligation most clearly expressed has to be modified with reference to the gender of the participants, and with reference to a particular cultural context.
Over the past century, there have been ideological pressures — expressed, among other ways, through public policies — to define what constitutes a ‘proper’ family, and to encourage people to live in these units.
A further possible way of reconciling the two accounts is to say that both express important elements in kin relations, but each has to be modified with reference to the other.
Congar had in point of fact expressed himself cautiously enough, yet several of his books were proscribed.
Although Pius conceded that popes were not exercising their full authority in these letters, if a view was expressed it was ‘no longer[to]be a matter of free debate among theologians’.
In September 1956 liturgical leaders, including six cardinals and 800 bishops, came together in Assisi to express their gratitude to the pope for all the changes that had been brought about in the liturgy during his pontificate.
In his address opening the Council he expressed it by saying that the Council would be ‘pastoral’ rather than dogmatic, and talking about aggiornamento and rinnovimento — terms that harked back to his youth when both were slightly suspect.
John expressed this sense of burgeoning new life in the Church by calling the Council ‘a new Pentecost’.
They could also seek to express their views by searching out a friendly bishop to speak for them in the debates.
John's address stressed that the Council was to be pastoral rather than dogmatic, thus distancing himself from his advisers, and endorsing the view, condemned by Cardinal Ruffini, that the task of the Council was not to proclaim new dogmas but to find new ways of expressing the old (see Abbott, p. 710–19).
But that afternoon (8 November) Pope Paul phoned Frings to express his approval of what had been said.
Another way of expressing the ‘tension’ that racked Paul VI is to consider him as the heir of Pius XII and John XXIII.
Things matter because the precise form of words in which they are expressed indicates that the Council intended this particular passage to have an especially authoritative character.
Again and again in different documents it is emphasized that ‘in the sacrament of the eucharistic bread the unity of all believers is both expressed and brought about’(Lumen Gentium 3), the Eucharistic celebration is ‘the centre and culmination of the whole life of the Christian community’(Christus Dominus 30).
Further, the word ‘communion’, a term again involving a verbal identification of Church and Eucharist, was so much used by the Council that it has subsequently been seen to express the Council's ecclesiology most profoundly and has been made great use of in such documents as those of ARCIC.
This proved in itself a major revolution, not only for the liturgy, but also for clerical life, even if the initial rather clumsy practice of massive concelebration by all priests present at any Mass itself expressed over-forcibly a clergy-laity divide and has later tended to give way — except for certain symbolic occasions (e.g. of a bishop meeting with his diocesan clergy)— to a pattern in which most supernumerary priests at a given Mass simply join with the lay congregation.
The ideal (expressed in words again reminiscent of Newman) is a harmonious consensus of the faithful and the bishops; but authority in interpretation of the Word of God is vested in the ‘living teaching office’ entrusted to the bishops.
Chapter 6, on Scripture in the life of the Church (DV 21–6), develops the main intention expressed in the Prologue and outlines a pastoral policy for liturgy (21; cf.
Glial growth factors are alternatively spliced erbB2 ligands expressed in the nervous system
Alternative splicing of the messenger RNA generates an array of putative membrane-attached, intracellular and secreted signalling proteins, at least some of which are expressed in the developing spinal cord and brain.
Moreover, as revealed by in situ hybridization analysis, the GGFs appear to be expressed in the nervous system during embryonic development.
We transiently expressed several cDNAs in mammalian cells, then assayed both cell lysates and conditioned medium in a Schwann cell proliferation assay.
In contrast to the other heregulins, biologically active (p185 erbB2 receptor tyrosine kinase activation) heregulin β 3 is not detected in conditioned medium from transiently expressing COS cells.
To investigate this ability of different recombinant GGFs to be secreted, we determined for the two human cDNA clones the distribution of total expressed GGF (Schwann cell mitogenic) activity between cell lysate and conditioned medium after transient mammalian transfections (Table 2).
Most (87%) of the mitogenic activity expressed in GGFHBS5 transfections was present in the conditioned medium.
Additionally, p185 erbB2 is expressed on the surface of Schwann cells and is upregulated during wallerian degeneration and also by exposure to forskolin, which potentiates the mitogenic response to GGF.
In addition, high levels of GGF mRNA are expressed in dorsal root ganglia (Fig. 4 a).
The region of the dorsal root ganglion nearest to the spinal cord, the boundary cap region and the peripheral nerve, which contains non-neuronal satellite cells and primitive Schwann cells, do not express GGF mRNA.
In E13 embryos, the dorsolateral migration of visceral motor neurons is detected as a small cluster of cells expressing GGF mRNA dorsolateral to the ventral motor column (Fig. 4 c).
Both somatic and visceral motor neurons seem to express GGF mRNA.
GGF mRNA is also expressed in cranial sensory ganglia and in the embryonic brain (Fig. 4 d-f).
Other regions of the forebrain, including the retina (Fig. 4 e)and telencephalon (Fig. 4 f)do not express detectable levels of GGF mRNA at this stage of development.
The two cell types that express GGF mRNA at the highest levels are motor neurons and primary sensory neurons.
At later stages of embryonic development, other differentiated neurons in the spinal cord also express low levels of GGF mRNA.
Moreover, glial tumours express p185 erbB2 (refs 43, 44), a candidate receptor for these proteins that is also associated with adenocarcinoma formation.
Non-neural tissues do not express detectable GGF mRNA.
The retina (r) does not express detectable GGF mRNA.
The predicted correlation function of temperature inhomogeneities can be expressed in terms of the power spectrum of density fluctuations as   where C l is the angular power spectrum of temperature fluctuations and P (k,)is the power spectrum of density fluctuations at the present epoch.
Rat-1 fibroblasts that constitutively express a chimaeric protein, comprising a full-length c-Myc polypeptide fused to part of the human oestrogen receptor (Rat-1/c-Myc-ER cells), show demonstrable c-Myc activity only in the presence of β- oestradiol.
Puromycin-resistant cells that expressed Bcl-2 protein (Rat-1/c-Myc-ER/Bcl-2 cells) were identified by immunoblotting (Fig. 1 a)and immunocytochemistry (data not shown) using anti-Bcl-2 monoclonal antibodies.
Production and maintenance of Rat-1 fibroblasts stably expressing the c-Myc-ER fusion protein and the defective c-Myc mutant protein  106–143c-Myc-ER have been described.
A retrovirus vector directing constitutive expression of Bcl-2 α was made by expressing a full-length bcl-2α complementary DNA in pBabe PURO.
Rat-1 cells expressing either wild-type c-Myc-ER or the defective c-Myc mutant 106–143 fused to the human oestrogen receptor, and either with or without Bcl-2, were growth-arrested by culture in 0.05% fetal calf serum (FCS) for 48h.
Accordingly, all Max proteins tested (Fig. 1) bind DNA as homo-oligomers in yeast extracts (ref. 9, and data not shown), as recently reported for bacterially expressed Max.
For example, Max  C and Max85 proteins seem to allow better Myc+Max function than full-length Max (Fig. 2 a ), although all Max proteins were expressed at similar levels (data not shown).
Unlike Myc, Max is a stable protein that is expressed in resting as well as in growing cells (T.D.L., D. Hancock and G.I.E., unpublished results).
All Max proteins tested were expressed at similar levels, whereas Myc levels were too low to be detected by immunoblotting (not shown).
b , Relative β -galactosidase units (as defined in legend to Fig. 2) in S62L cells expressing the indicated proteins.
SRF412 alone was expressed from a modified version of pSD.08.
Re and Os concentrations are expressed as 10 -12 g per g.
The purified protein encoded by the CL100 open reading frame expressed in bacteria has intrinsic phosphatase activity.
Hybridization signals were quantified by densitometric scanning of these blots and levels of induction are expressed as fold increase over the signals in untreated controls.
This plasmid was used to express CL100 as a His-Tag fusion protein which was purified in a denatured form as described.
Dates are expressed in radiocarbon years before the present (AD 1950), using the half-life of 5,568 years.
Expression of class I in this bulk culture was improved by sorting for cells expressing high levels of HLA-B5 (bottom panel).
Western blots using sera raised against rat TAP1 and TAP2 showed that the T2/TAP1+2 transfectant expressed the TAP polypeptides in amounts comparable to rat strain PVG.R19 lymphoblasts stimulated by concanavalin A (Fig. 2 a).
Most HLA-A2 molecules expressed in T2 cells are unstable to exposure at 37°C, whereas most HLA-A2 molecules in T1 cells and T2 cells reconstituted with TAP1 and TAP2 are stable over a 4-h exposure to 37°C.
In contrast, the T2/TAP1+2 cells expressing both transporter polypeptides were lysed.
In five independent cotransfections with TAP1 and TAP2 we always obtained a substantial fraction of cells expressing high levels of HLA class I, similar to the example shown here.
Northern blot analysis was used to verify that the T2 cells expressing rat TAP1 a and TAP2 a transporters were indeed negative for expression of the MHC encoded subunit Lmp7.
Both HLA-A2 and -B5 molecules are stabilized by expressing TAP1 and TAP2 in T2 cells and regain a similar stability as class I molecules in T1 cells.
That is, the motivating biological metaphor of the Prisoners' Dilemma generates a transition rule that is simple, but it would look horrendous if expressed in canonical cellular automata terms.
Although only one sequence for MUP and A2U is shown the urinary proteins are encoded by a gene family expressing at least seven closely related forms of the protein.
Zebrafish pax[b] (pax[zf-b])is a member of the Pax gene family that is expressed in the presumptive posterior midbrain from the end of gastrulation and, at later stages, in other localized regions of the developing embryo.
The antibody exclusively stains nuclei of cells that also express the pax[b] gene.
To analyse whether other putative developmental control genes expressed at the midbrain-hindbrain boundary were affected by antibody injections, we examined the expression of the zebrafish homologues of murine Wnt-1 and En-2 , genes that are important for the normal formation of this region in mice.
Wnt-1 , a gene that encodes a signalling peptide, is expressed in the neural keel of zebrafish embryos at 14h of development, extending from the region of the presumptive epiphysis to the tail (excluding the presumptive cerebellum), and in a transverse stripe in the posterior midbrain (ref. 25 and Fig. 4d ).
Note that the affected cells extend rostrally and caudally beyond the region that fails to express pax[b] .
At birth, most T cells express isoforms of high relative molecular mass (M r ) which are detected with CD45RA monoclonal antibodies.
The number of cells expressing the lowest- M r isoform detected by the CD45R0 antibody (UCHL1) increases thereafter, to reach the adult level of about 50% by the age of 10–20 years.
This, together with the demonstration that CD45RA-positive cells express CD45R0 and lose CD45RA after mitogenic stimulation in vitro,has led to the suggestion that CD45RA are naive, and that CD45R0 are memory T lymphocytes.
A shorter half-life of lymphocytes expressing the lower- M r isoforms has also been observed in sheep, whereas cells with a ‘naive’ phenotype persist for long periods in mice after adoptive transfer.
These show that T-cell subsets expressing either higher- M r (CD45RC+) or lower- M r (CD45RC-) isoforms of CD45 are capable of interconversion.
Irrespective of what maintains the size of the total peripheral T-cell pool, mechanisms that maintain a T-lymphocyte clone in cell division, and concomitantly expressing CD45R0, are likely to be the most important factors determining the frequency of T lymphocytes responsive to a given recall antigen.
After depletion of adherent cells, a T-lymphocyte preparation was made by removing cells expressing CD14, CD15, CD16 and CD20 antigens using monoclonal antibodies and magnetic beads.
Molecular cloning of ICAM-3, a third ligand for LFA-1, constitutively expressed on resting leukocytes
Leukocyte function-associated antigen 1 (LFA-1) is expressed on the surface of all white blood cells and is a receptor for intercellular adhesion molecules (ICAM) 1 and 2 (ref.3) which are members of the immunoglobulin superfamily.
In addition, both ICAMs are expressed at low levels on resting vascular endothelium; ICAM-1 is strongly upregulated by cytokine stimulation and plays a key role in the arrest of leukocytes in blood vessels at sites of inflammation and injury.
Recent work has indicated that resting leukocytes express a third ligand, ICAM-3, for LFA-1 (refs 11,12).
We report the expression cloning of a complementary DNA, pICAM-3, encoding a protein constitutively expressed on all leukocytes, which binds LFA-1.
To identify constitutively expressed LFA-1 ligands, monoclonal antibodies raised against human leukocytes were selected on the basis of three criteria: a pan-leukocytic reactivity profile, high expression on unstimulated leukocytes, and no assignment to an existing cluster of differentiation (CD 1–75; ref. 13).
The strict delineation of expression of the ICAMs (ICAM-1 is expressed on activated leukocytes, endothelium and epithelium; ICAM-2 is constitutively expressed on leukocytes and endothelium; ICAM-3 is constitutively expressed only on leukocytes) suggests that each serves a specific purpose rather than acting as a ‘failsafe’ for the other ICAMs.
COS cells transiently expressing ICAM-1, ICAM-3 or sham transfected, were plated in 96-well assay dishes.
Recombinant ICAM-IgG1 Fc genes were transiently expressed in COS-1 cells and secreted protein purified from tissue culture supernatants with protein A-coupled Sepharose.
Identification of a second PLC- β complementary DNA (PLC- β2)in an HL-60 cell cDNA library prompted us to investigate the effect of purified G protein βγ subunits on the activities of PLC- β1 and PLC- β2 transiently expressed in cultured mammalian cells.
The effect of purified G protein βγ subunits on the activities of PLC- β1 and PLC- β2 expressed in COS-1 cells was determined using hydrophilic, detergent-free βγ subunits of retinal transducin (βγ t )(Table 1).
A summary of the results accounting for the differences in expressed PLC activities is shown in Fig. 2 a;this shows that the net increase in inositol phosphate formation induced by βγ t was about fivefold higher for cells expressing PLC- β2 than for cells expressing PLC- β1.
The dependence of inositol phosphate formation by lysates of cells expressing PLC- β1 or PLC- β2 on the concentration of βγ t is shown in Fig. 2 b. βγ t did not affect the inositol phosphate formation by extracts of pMT2-transfected cells.
In lysates from cells expressing PLC- β1,the stimulation by this concentration of βγ t was only about threefold.
Clearly, this signalling pathway is much more likely to occur in cells expressing predominantly PLC- β2 rather than PLC- β1.
Recent results obtained by expressing a variety of G-protein-coupled receptors in cultured mammalian cells suggest that this may be the case.
Even receptors not usually coupled to phospholipase C may thus interact through G protein βγ subunits with this effector enzyme under certain circumstances, for example in cells expressing PLCs highly sensitive to βγ stimulation such as PLC- β2.
Immunochemical analysis of PLC- β1 and PLC- β2 expressed in COS-1 cells.
Effect of βγ t on inositol phosphate formation by extracts of COS-1 cells expressing PLC- β1 or PLC- β2.
As glycosylation is generally detrimental to crystallization, sCD2 was expressed in a lectin-resistant mutant of the Chinese hamster ovary cell line, Lec3.2.8.1 (ref. 27), resulting in a secreted glycoprotein with oligosaccharides (predominantly Man 5 GlcNAc 2 ) that are amenable to deglycosylation by endoglycosidase H (ref.25).
There are two types of TCR,αβ TCR and γ  TCR, which are expressed on the surface of distinct subsets of T lymphocytes that seem to be derived from different cell lineages.
It is well established that αβ TCR play critical roles in the DP to SP transition by interacting with self-ligands expressed on the surface of thymic stroma cells (positive selection).
The latter cells do not express αβ TCR, or only barely, as determined by staining with the pan-TCR- β monoclonal antibody H57–597 (ref. 15)(Fig. 3a).
We have also shown that TCR- α expression is irrelevant to these processes, but together with TCR- β rearrangement and expression it allows further differentiation into mature, CD4 or CD8 SP thymocytes expressing high levels of αβ TCR and CD3.
But cells expressing such TCR may be normal intermediates of αβ thymocyte differentiation, in analogy to the pre-B cells that expresses Ig- μ without any light chains on the surface.
Here we report that fresh murine LC express cadherins, and that LC adhere to KC in vitro through E-cadherin.
Cultured LC (which may bear a phenotypic and functional relationship to LC that have migrated to lymph nodes) express lower levels of E-cadherin and exhibit decreased affinity for KC.
Because cadherins are expressed in uninflamed epidermis and are prominently involved in interactions between KC, we reasoned that cadherins might also mediate adhesion of LC to KC.
About half of the KC expressed high levels of E-cadherin.
The remaining KC expressed lower levels.
LC expressed levels of E-cadherin as high as those expressed by the most intensely stained KC.
Both KC and LC stained less intensely with PCD-1, but most LC also expressed P-cadherin.
To demonstrate that the E-cadherin expressed by LC reflected endogenous synthesis, we characterized LC- and KC-derived E-cadherin messenger RNAs.
As shown in Fig. 3, LEC cells expressed E-cadherin and avidly bound LC, whereas few LC attached to L cells lacking cadherins.
We also tested the ability of LC to adhere to murine KC expressing E- and P-cadherins (Fig. 3d).
As compared with fresh TC-LC, TC-cultured LC expressed lower levels of E-cadherin (mean fluorescence intensity 34.8% that of fresh TC-LC,n=3 experiments) and adhered less readily to KC (16.8% as well as fresh TC-LC,n=3 experiments)(Fig. 4).
Although structurally related molecules have recently been described in skeletal muscle, cadherins are not ubiquitously expressed by mesenchymal cells and have not previously been identified on leukocytes.
Our results indicate that epidermal LC express functional cadherins and suggest that cadherins may be responsible for certain biological properties of these highly specialized bone marrow-derived cells, including their propensity to persist in epidermis.
FIG. 1 Binding of anti-cadherin monoclonal antibodies to cadherins expressed by epidermal Langerhans cells and keratinocytes.
DRP is expressed in fetal and regenerating muscle and may play a similar role to dystrophin in early development, although it remains to be determined whether DRP can functionally replace dystrophin in adult tissue.
Because DRP is under-represented in amplified cDNA libraries, we constructed an unamplified library using messenger RNA extracted from the human glioma cell line IN157, in which DRP is abundantly expressed in the absence of dystrophin.
Immunization studies using irradiated sporozoites have indicated that responses to pre-erythrocytic-stage antigens, those expressed by sporozoites or liver-stage parasites, can provide complete immunity both in rodents and in humans, and that similar protective mechanisms, of which CTL appear to be an important component, may operate in each species.
We reasoned that a malaria antigen (or antigens) which could interact with HLA-B53 and account for the disease association should be expressed early in the liver-stage of the parasite's life cycle: human erythrocytes do not express class I molecules, and enhanced CTL lysis of macrophages that have engulfed blood-stage parasites is unlikely to benefit the host.
Furthermore, comparison of radiation doses required to induce protection in the irradiated sporozoite model of pre-erythrocytic immunity has indicated that antigens expressed early in development in the liver are of most importance for protection.
Furthermore, although many parasite proteins are expressed in the liver, and we have only examined four for HLA-B53 epitopes, several observations suggest that CTL to ls6 may account for a substantial part of the HLA-B53 protective association.
Peptides were identified in the four sequenced pre-erythrocytic antigens of P. falciparum:(1)circumsporozoite protein (CSP), a 412 amino-acid sporozoite protein;(2) thrombospondin-related anonymous protein (TRAP), 559 amino acids and expressed by sporozoites and blood-stage parasites;(3) liver-stage-specific antigen-1 (ref. 24, 25), 1,909 amino acids and expressed only by the liver-stage parasite; and (4) sporozoite hepatocyte-binding antigen (SHEBA or Pfs16), 157 amino acids and found in both sporozoites and gametocytes.
Antigens expressed by sporozoites will also be present during the early phase of hepatocyte development.
The Hmy-B53 line expresses, in significant amounts, only HLA-B53 and -Cw4.
CD44, a proteoglycan expressed on many cells, including endothelium, has been implicated in T-cell adhesion to endothelial cells.
Endothelial cells express many proteoglycans, whose structure and density depend on the type of endothelium and its activation status.
MIP-1 β was diluted from cell supernatants from conditioned media collected from SF9 insect cell lines that had been infected with baculovirus in which pAT744 MIP-1 β cDNA was expressed; MIP-1 α was prepared similarly, except that pAT 464 was substituted.
Data are expressed as a mean percentage of the binding of T cells from a representative experiment; lines represent standard errors.
Data are expressed as mean percentage of T cells binding from three replicate wells; lines represent standard errors.
Several genes are expressed in the mouse AER, including Fgf-4 (fibroblast growth factor-4) and Bmp-2 (bone morphogenetic protein-2), both of which encode secreted signalling molecules.
Fgf-4 (previously known as hst-1 or kFGF), which encodes a secreted protein FGF-4 (ref. 15), is expressed in the AER during the period when that tissue mediates the proliferative response of the underlying mesenchyme.
Growth stimulation by all FGFs tested is not unexpected because different FGF ligands can interact with and activate the same receptor, and FGF receptors are expressed in limb mesenchyme 1 8 , 19 .
BMP-2, a member of the transforming growth factor- β (TGF- β)superfamily, is encoded by a gene expressed in the AER during the same developmental period as Fgf-4 13 .
In addition, we tested the effect of a closely related molecule, BMP-4, which is also expressed in the AER.
Lengths are expressed as the mean of the distances measured in millimetres , +/- the standard deviation (s.d.).
The 3.4-kb mRNA is expressed highly in B16 melanoma, in albino (c/c)skin (which contains melanocytes but no pigment) and in skin from agouti (A/A;combination of yellow and black) and non-agouti (a/a ; black) mice (Fig. 2 a,lanes 3, 4, 9, and 10).
The 3.4-kb mRNA is not expressed in W/W v skin (lane 17), which lacks melanocytes, or in any skin that exclusively produces yellow pigment due to mutations at the agouti locus (lanes 6, 7, and 8).
Of particular interest is the expression in a t /a t mice, in which the 3.4-kb mRNA is expressed in the black dorsal skin but not in the yellow ventral skin (lanes 5 and 6), in contrast to expression in black ventral skin of a/a mice (lane 10).
The 3.4-kb mRNA is expressed in skin of mice homozygous or hemizygous for the original p mutation, but at a very reduced level (Fig. 2 a,lanes 11 and 12), consistent with genetic data indicating that p is a low activity rather than a null mutation.
LTP is expressed as a persistent increase in the size of the synaptic component of the evoked response, recorded from individual cells or from populations of neurons.
Note that if STP and the several temporal phases of LTP (see Box 1) are expressed at different loci, then changes in quantal parameters may alter progressively with time.
Because LTP is expressed as an enhanced response to single stimuli, it is processes controlling the rapid fusion of synaptic vesicles with release sites, and/or the formation of fusion pores, which are the most likely targets for regulation.
The C-isotope composition of whole leaves was determined by mass spectrometry (ISOMASS; VG Isogas) and expressed as  (parts per thousand)13 C relative to a PeeDee belemnite reference standard:.
The first equation of Fig. 2 expresses the VSR as a function of e , the horizontal eccentricity;D , the distance of the plane; and IOD, the interocular distance.
In three dimensions, the excess conductivity may be expressed as  where  is a pair-breaking parameter.
prospero (pros)is not expressed in the muscles or their precursors.
Furthermore, the muscle expresses functional transmitter receptors at the correct developmental time without innervation.
In some cases (for example connectin), these molecules are initially expressed ubiquitously on the muscle and only become localized to NMJ sites during and following neuromuscular contact.
But in both cases we find that these molecules are expressed at the correct developmental stage and localize normally to the putative NMJ sites in the absence of the motor neuron (Fig. 1).
Fasciclin III is normally expressed at the NMJ at least through the end of embryogenesis.
In normal Drosophila synaptogenesis, functional glutamate receptors (gluRs) are expressed on the muscle surface within several minutes of the initial neuromuscular contact (13–13.5h after egg laying (AEL)) and a peak gluR density is rapidly obtained (by 14–14.5AEL; Fig. 2).
Initially, gluRs are homogeneously expressed on the muscle surface and do not cluster at synaptic sites or elsewhere.
In pros mutants, this phase of gluR expression is indistinguishable from normal (Fig. 2); functional gluRs are expressed at the correct stage and increase in density with the same time course as in normally innervated muscles.
FIG. 1 pros encodes a nuclear protein expressed in neuronal precursors during early Drosophila neurogenesis.
RP3 and muscles 6/7 express fasciclin III (lower panels) from early NMJ synaptogenesis (12–12.5h AEL) until the end of embryogenesis (shown here 16h AEL).
In pros mutants where RP3 fails to innervate muscles 6/7, fasciclin III is expressed by muscles at the correct stage in a restricted region corresponding to the normal NMJ (arrows delineate extent of expression).
In pros mutants lacking innervation of muscle 6 (aneural muscle), functional gluRs are expressed at the correct stage (13.5h AEL) and, initially, gluR density rapidly increases (14h AEL).
In aneural muscle, gluRs are expressed at the correct stage, but the increase of EJC amplitude associated both with gluR localization and, later, by the increase in gluR expression at the NMJ fail to occur.
Furthermore, in support of this change in rhombomeric identity, neural crest cells derived from r2/3 also express posterior Hox markers suggesting that the retinoic acid-induced transformation extends to multiple components of the first branchial arch.
Hox-B1 is also expressed in the facial motor nerve (vii), whose β -galactosidase-stained axons exit the hindbrain from r4 and innervate the second branchial arch (Fig. 1f, f').
The cell bodies along the midline of r2 and r3 now express the transgene, as well as the nerve that exits r2 and innervates the first branchial arch (Fig. 1 d'-f').
These dynamic changes in spatial expression are identical to those observed with Hox-B1 , therefore the combination of Hox genes expressed in r4 (ref. 10) is reproduced in r2 upon exposure to retinoic acid.
Accompanying the expanded domain of r4 expression, neural crest cells migrating from this region also express r4 markers.
The transgene is expressed in both treated and untreated embryos in the facial motor nerve (vii) exiting r4 and innervating the second branchial arch (b2)(f, f').
Hox-B2 response to RA. g-i , Normal staining patterns of a Hox-B2/lacZ transgene which is primarily expressed in r4 and neural crest migrating into the second branchial arch.
At a stage when both endogenous stripes would be present and at their highest level, the treated embryos express the gene only in r5 (h, h' ).
Hox-B1 and Hox-B2 are expressed in r4 through an expanded domain which extends to the midbrain. c , Neural crest migrating from this expanded domain expresses Hox-B2,instead of just the cells migrating from r4 in con- trol embryos.
d , Around 9.0d.p.c. expression of Hox-B1 and Hox-B2 declines (as indicated by dots of colour) in r1 and r3 and there are two distinct populations of neural crest cells adjacent to r2 and r4 expressing Hox-B2. e,By 9.5 d.p.c.
Cell bodies in r2-r5 and both motor nerves express Hox-B1.
Krox-20 is highly expressed in r3 and r5.
Each of three independent, stably transfected /bcl-2 cell lines was found to express high levels of Bcl-2 protein, as determined by staining with a monoclonal anti-Bcl-2 antibody (see below), and to be relatively resistant to the lethal effects of serum deprivation (Fig. 1a)or staurosporine treatment (Fig. 1b).
Expressing this concept quantitatively and analytically solving the differential equations for the heat budget of the two layers, we showed rigorously that the two regimes are separated by a critical concentration  where is the density of the fluid at  the constant temperature of the lower fluid layer, is the particle density,α is the coefficient of thermal expansion of the fluid and T u is the temperature of the upper fluid.
A novel gene has been isolated which maps to the XLA locus, is expressed in B cells, and shows mutations in families with the disorder.
One candidate was found to be a novel member of the src family of genes, encoding a protein-tyrosine kinase expressed in B cells.
Previous reports on B-cell differentiation in XLA (refs 2, 28) suggested to us that the disease gene may be expressed throughout B lymphocyte development.
Northern analysis of RNAs derived from lymphoid lineages showed that the 2.6kb atk messenger RNA was expressed in the B-cell line NAD, and also in B cells of two patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (B-CLL1, B-CLL2), but not in T cells (T-CLL) or a T-cell line (Jurkat)(Fig. 4 b).
Third, this gene encodes a putative protein-tyrosine kinase that seems to be expressed in the B-cell, but not the T-cell, lineage.
In heterozygous females, pre-B cells whose active X chromosome expresses the mutant gene would not terminally differentiate and proliferate.
Gravity data (in mGal) are expressed relative to the reference station at the Rifugio Sapienza 5km from the summit of Etna.
Gravity data are expressed relative to a base 5km from the summit which has proved to be gravitationally invariant with respect to other stations further down the volcano flanks and off the volcano.
Some cells respond to transforming growth factor (TGF)-β by expressing a much smaller RYR3 (ref. 34).
As individual cells can express different IP 3 Rs, variations in sensitivity might arise by varying the contribution of different subunits to the tetrameric receptor complex.
This positive feedback process whereby calcium triggers its own release is a property of RYRs and it may also occur in those non-muscle cells expressing these receptors.
As the embryo grows, the form of the final organism begins to emerge as each cell expresses its specific developmental programme including the establishment of polarity.
Finally, it is of interest to note that expression of the wnt-1 proto-oncogene can reproduce all the effects of Li + , including the duplication of the dorsal axis, the increase in gap junctional communication between ventral cells, and the restoration of an axis when wnt-1 was expressed on one side of an ultraviolet-irradiated embryo.
We report here that the development of TCR -CD4 -CD8 -T-cell precursors into TCR + cells expressing CD4 and/or CD8 requires the presence of both major histocompatibility complex class II + epithelial cells and fetal mesenchyme.
But when fetal mesenchyme was also incorporated, the reaggregates increased in size (Fig.2 a,right) and lymphoid content, and supported the development of αβ TCR + T cells expressing CD4 and CD8 (Fig.3 a, b).
To prepare purified class II + epithelial cells, suspensions of CD45-depleted dGuO stroma were first immunomagnetically depleted of cells expressing the medullary marker A2B5 using anti-rat immunoglobulin beads coated sequentially with rat anti-mouse IgM (Pharmingen) and A2B5 hybridoma supernatant (a gift from M. Raff).
In contrast, the culture of precursors and purified epithelium alone remained small and was alymphoid, even though the epithelial cells had successfully formed an intact structure and still expressed a cortical epithelial cell phenotype, including MHC class II antigen expression (b)and ERTR4 (ref.16) and 4F11E (ref.17) expression (not shown).
Most cells recovered from reaggregates (25% of the input number in this experiment) express αβ TCR (f)and by comparison with adult thymocytes (e)can be seen to include both TCR rlo cells which are predominantly double-positive (g),and TCR rhi cells, the majority of which have undergone maturation into single-positive CD4 + or CD8 + cells (h).
TCR -cells isolated in this way are 99.7% CD4 + CD8 + and do not express detectable levels of TCR (ref.7, and data not shown).
Using this approach, any CD4 + single-positive receptor-bearing cells generated in these reaggregate cultures must be derived from precursors expressing CD8, that is, CD4 + CD8 + TCR -cells or their CD4 -CD8 + TCR -precursors.
Aerodynamic costs are expressed as the ratio of drag/lift at 5° angle of attack and 5ms -1 freestream velocity.
Articulatory suppression disrupted performance (expressed as percentage of correct answers) in the English version of the task (mean difference: 13%; paired t test:t =8.9; d.f.
By northern analysis of poly(A) + F9 EC RNA, the DP-1 transcript was estimated as 2.8 kilobases (kb)(data not shown); it is expressed in many different cell types and in a wide range of tissues during murine embryogenesis (J.F.P., P. Tassios and N.B.L.T, manuscript in preparation).
To determine whether DP-1 could bind to the E2F site in a sequence-specific way, regions were expressed as glutathione- S- transferase (GST) fusion proteins (Fig. 4 a ), affinity-purified and tested for DNA-binding activity.
The indicated regions of DP-1 were expressed as fusion proteins, affinity-purified and assessed for DNA-binding activity in a gel retardation assay.
DARWIN believed that elaborate ornamental traits expressed in both sexes might be favoured by mutual sexual selection driven by both female and male mate choice.
Males responded to accentuated female models with more frequent sexual displays, as did females to accentuated male models, confirming the idea that ornaments expressed in both sexes could be favoured by mutual mating preferences.
For this species, our data refute the hypothesis that female ornaments are functionless but are expressed merely as a result of a genetic correlation between the sexes.
The part of the H5 sequence that was expressed in Escherichia coli consists of Met-Thr-Glu (corresponding to the first three codons of H5), followed by residues 22–105 of H5, followed by Leu-Val introduced in the process of inserting a stop codon.
The gene for GH5 was cloned into a plasmid that is part of the T7 expression system, and we expressed the gene in the E. coli strain B834(DE3), which is a methionine-requiring auxotroph with an inducible gene for T7 RNA polymerase on the host chromosome.
(Note that what matters is when a gene affects survival and fertility, not when it is expressed; for example, a gene which is expressed early in the development of the heart might increase the chance of heart disease much later in life.)
Similar expressions can be found for the effect of changes in age of onset of alleles which have permanent effects once first expressed.
Plasmid DNA complexed with cationic liposomes can be successfully delivered and expressed in airway epithelia of rodents.
A suitable plasmid for expressing CFTR protein was constructed in the vector pREP8 (see legend to Fig. 1).
To show that pREP8-CFTR expresses CFTR protein after transfection, plasmid DNA complexed with cationic liposomes was introduced into HeLa cells and CFTR protein detected by western blotting (Fig. 1 a).
Thus, cells transfected with pREP8-CFTR express functional CFTR protein.
Because CFTR messenger RNA is expressed at high levels in human and rodent intestinal crypts r14–16 , mouse intestinal sections were used as controls to demonstrate probe specificity.
In most hybridizing cells, the signal obtained with the antisense human CFTR probe (Fig.2 b)was also greater than that obtained with the sense probe (c),implying that human CFTR mRNA is expressed following transfection.
These transgenic (cf/cf)mice are homozygous for a null mutation in cftr and express little or no detectable endogenous cftr mRNA (A.E.O.T. et al.,manuscript in preparation).
The data are displayed as the mean of three individual experiments (s.e.m.), expressed as a percentage of the total efflux .
Binding was assayed using intact COS cells expressing the cloned human NK-1R or its mutants.
He has therefore built up a heap of images which express something about a place and its people but also includes his own relationship to the world — what he likes, thinks and feels.
To him the camera becomes a tool which allows him to express his thoughts, feelings and moods in direct connection with the world; it allows his mind and spirit to react to and relate with the everyday world in a visual form thanks to the alchemy of photography.
He values the situations and people that have enabled him to be more himself, to find a dynamic fulfilment in the ability to express his deeper feelings, explore life further and evolve as a person.
Miss Murdock, who appears to have had a sense of humour, expressed her high regard for the autochrome process, the delights of which she said, were mainly due to the high number of failures that made the occasional success all the more thrilling.
‘Working with dreams in this way gives me a freedom to express, a release to be creative.
Dawson enjoys using collage, especially his dream pieces, to express humour.
She Says, ‘You can express so much with a picture of a person in their natural habitat.’
A politician with sufficient interest, moreover, was not above contemplating forcing out of their posts political enemies holding university appointments, as the Duke of Montrose clearly intended when expressing the hope that ‘wee might have ane opportunity of makeing two empty sadles’ in the university of Glasgow, namely the professors of law and medicine.
Needless to say Lord Elphinstone did not hesitate to respond to the challenge and rallied his friends, while at the same time pointedly expressing his hope, when writing to the duke, that ‘neither my friend or I have done any thing to deserve your Grace's withdrawing your friendship, interest & protection’.
For therapeutic and professional staff to reflect the cultural backgrounds of the children, and that for all children, including those with special needs, their day-care environment and activities to express a consciousness of the multicultural society in Islington.
Many community health workers attended and expressed their scepticism about moves to greater integration.
During a further meeting about the problems, some of the nursery nurse staff expressed their concern over the attitude of this group of students.
Helen's ability to enjoy herself and express her objections effectively make her an easy person to help, although she is sometimes criticised for being demanding.
She expresses much appreciation for what she considers beautiful and is beginning to show and receive affection.
Elizabeth and Helen express rather similar sentiments about their new way of life.
They have not expressed any wish to return to living in an institution full time, although Helen occasionally likes to visit the hospital where she was a resident immediately before the move into the community.
It may be that when we express our opinions, we only have available to us ready-made sets of ideas, ‘discourses’, other people's words which we choose from, string together in different ways and think (mistakenly) to be our own; these include ‘expert’ ideas and the colloquial, common-sense versions of them absorbed by ordinary people in one way or another.
This widening definition of what it is to be human, couched in sociologically aware terms, runs throughout the responses, and is further expressed in attitudes to amniocentesis and abortion in subsequent pregnancies.
Even where doubts are expressed about ‘having another one’, they are stated in terms which imply a criticism of social arrangements rather than in terms of personal coping.
She continued to express concern at what she felt to be his backwardness at speaking English.
The head told me that Mrs Singh had been coming to school regularly to express concern about Balbinder's lack of progress.
The school's expressed intention is that ‘parents are helped to understand the nature of the learning difficulties of their child and are encouraged to visit the school frequently to develop that understanding and to continue that approach at home.’
Going through the Cedars' brochure with them, however, they were pleased to find a statement which they could relate to, namely that the school sets out to help children, ‘who are having problems in learning to read, find spelling and writing difficult, are unable to express themselves well, are unable to settle and concentrate…’
Mrs Singh expressed a worry about Balbinder refusing to dress himself and ordering her to get him ready for school when he could do this perfectly well if he wanted to.
Mrs Singh expressed her feelings that it was very important for all her children to speak Punjabi and she was afraid that they might not do this if she and Mr Singh spoke English.
Mrs Singh filled them in although she had already expressed alarm at the number of notes she was going to have to write to the school.
She was worried by the way he roamed about touching everything, and during a long chat to Mrs Allinson expressed her concern that he could not get on with anything, and could not write or read.
Likewise, they expressed a desire to involve parents at the centre of decision-making.
The educational psychologist (EP) expressed surprise that on every occasion he had met John the latter had always been attentive and cooperative but felt that ‘We have to accept what we are told about his behaviour by his teachers.’
Yet Mrs Short, despite her strongly held views, expressed resignation in playing little part in the decision-making process, a resignation based in part upon experience.
The psychologist in a separate interview with the researcher expressed the belief that this ‘fact’ was evidence of the unsuitability of the home situation.
On the other hand, on a different occasion she expressed feelings of depression and powerlessness in the face of professional opinion, conceding that she might allow him to go to residential school if it could be shown that it was in his best interests.
Once the EP had recommended residential schooling in his report Mrs Jones expressed little confidence in her ‘rights’ under the law.
The main anxiety about diet which I heard expressed, at least by the administration, was that with the introduction of ‘fast food’ facilities, prisoners were showing the same dietary self-destructive tendencies as young teenagers traditionally have done.
The idea was expressed in several languages.
In comparison, many people today have learned to a far greater extent to express these urges and emotions in a controlled way, that is also socially accepted.
They are, rather, expected to express their impulses in certain ways, ways that do not transgress against the more lenient standards of modern times.
In response to a letter from an NVALA member, the Queen replied expressing her concern that such an ‘obnoxious’ film might be made in Britain.
The threat to the ‘young’ mentioned here by the then Home Secretary was probably the fear most frequently expressed by those who later resisted legislative change in this area.
The increase in the number of prosecutions did not result, however, in a feeling of sympathy for homosexuals, but rather the feeling, as John Wolfenden expressed it, that ‘nobody had any idea how much of it there was…but there was an impression that it was increasing; and there was a feeling that if it was then it ought to be curbed’.
The Mail ,Express and Sunday Times were worried about its effect on moral standards, but the majority of the national press were most favourable, particularly the Daily Mirror which exclaimed, ‘Don't be shocked by this Report.
Much of the concern expressed prior to the passing of the 1967 Act centred around the supposed vulnerability of children, and this has made the possibility of a lowering of the age of consent a remote one.
At this point Antonio enters, and Shylock instantly switches to verse in an aside to us: This is a crucial moment, revealing to us alone at this point his real hatred, so strong that only verse can express it.
In Much Ado the shift to verse expresses the bitterness and sense of betrayal felt by Claudio at Hero's supposed infidelity.
Although in prose — as one says, perhaps too much influenced by the conventions of the comedies — this is one of the most serious scenes in the play (91–229), and  when the soldiers have left the King ascends to verse for what is to me the most deeply felt speech of all: In his own persona the King speaks verse, entering on to a prose-scene between Fluellen and Gower to express his anger at the French murder of the luggage-minders, and continuing in verse to Fluellen (IV.vii.55–118).
When he speaks an aside to us, in his own person, it is in verse: He continues in their prose, but when he wants to express his respect for them and offer his services, he moves up to verse: ‘I'll show thee the best springs; I'll pluck thee berries; /I'll fish for thee, and get thee wood enough’(160f.).
Caliban's affection is as misplaced as that of Titania for Bottom, yet it obeys the normal Shakespearian convention of moving from prose to verse to express respect.
The decision that Shakespeare faced hundreds of times — whether to put his words, as Dryden expressed it, into verse or into ‘the other harmony of prose’— is one that the reader ought always to be alert to, for each decision signals an element of dramatic meaning that we can yet recover.
Whereas the sonnets to the mistress express sex without love, those to the friend express love without sex.
C. S. Lewis saw this point too: the poems express ‘simply love, the quintessential of all loves whether erotic, parental, filial, amicable, or feudal.
To anyone familiar with the conventions of the second-person singular in modern European languages it is no surprise to learn that Shakespeare preserves the distinction You/Thou primarily to express the relationship far/near, as when a parent addresses a child (or a master a servant) as Thou and receives You in reply.
More interesting is the discovery that while You is the stylistically unmarked form, more matter-of-fact, ‘not impolite’ or ‘not informal’,Thou can express both intimacy and anger, or indeed any increase in the emotional tone of a conversation.
We find scenes in which two characters on an equal footing move back and forth between Thou and You according to mood (Hal and Falstaff); others where both characters use Thou , one expressing affection, the other hostility (Richard III wooing Lady Anne); others where the shift from You to Thou expresses a crucial shift of intimacy (Goneril to Edmund) or acceptance (Brabantio to Roderigo).
They are 56: ‘Sweet love, renew thy force; be it not said/Thy edge should blunter be than appetite’ which expresses a feeling of temporarily spent force.
This group is the exception, and a very small one, for the Sonnets otherwise express personal relationships in a highly concrete manner.
Since the pronouns are used to express a human encounter they derive their nature and value from the human beings, and not vice versa.
In the group to the mistress, as every reader has seen, the feelings expressed are bitter, cynical, degraded; so the pronouns suffer the same change.
Several of these poems express doubts about the Mistress's ‘truth’, that is, both honesty and chastity.
He is merely expressing a suspicion, and in a sense a hope (‘when she has given him the clap, then he'll come back to me ’, to modernize it somewhat).
The point, though, is not that his poetry exceeds the truth but that it fails to keep up with the truth, since it cannot fully express the Friend's merits: No one was ever taken in by Shakespeare's disclaimers of ability, and few people will imagine that, whoever the Friend was — if indeed there was a real-life Friend — Shakespeare has failed to do justice to him; if anything, rather the opposite.
Yvor Winters pronounced, in characteristically forthright manner, that  Even C. L. Barber found that ‘sometimes the activity of the poetry alone makes endurable the passivity of the attitude expressed by the poet’.
But, more important, I believe that celebration of the other and devaluing of the self is one of the oldest, as it is one of the permanent ways by which human beings express love or admiration for each other.
For instance, adoration of the Friend without — to give, for the moment, a hostage to Yvor Winters — the Poet abasing himself, but retaining instead his own dignity, is expressed more often in poems where Thou forms dominate.
What is so touching about these poems is the contrast that they express.
In traditional moral thought hypocrisy, like lying, has always been detested as a sin against the fundamental principle of human communication, namely that language was given to mankind so that we may express our thoughts and feelings openly, honestly.
This relationship may be expressed in a simple diagram:
The two-facedness of the hypocrite is expressed not only by his privileged relationship to the audience in his dealings with others but by means of equivocation, a doubleness of language in which an innocuous level of meaning is visible to the dupe, sinister undertones to us.
When Lady Macbeth welcomes Duncan, the fulsome insincerity of her verse is by now unmistakable to us: Yet, while feigning gratitude she is also expressing exactly the reasons why she ought to feel gratitude: The unusual and affected word ‘hermits’ points up her insincerity, while the content of the speech establishes the good they have received from Duncan.
Yet when he expresses this moral sense to his wife —‘We will proceed no further in this business.
Evil expresses and exposes itself now, as an organic extension of its own workings.
Then he links pagan philosophy with Christianity, recalling the ‘Apostasie’ of the angels and the feelings of hatred, the ‘Implacable Malice’which Lucifer and co. expressed against the other angels.
Walton argues that views of ‘best interests’ are  rather always contingent, depending on the particular position and assumptions of the person expressing them as well as on objective circumstances.
Holman has distinguished between ‘inclusive’ and ‘exclusive’fostering, with a preference expressed for ‘inclusive’fostering in which the natural parents are actively involved in the placement.
The ‘society-as-parent’ thinkers, on the other hand, tend to perceive child care matters in personal rather than political terms and are more inclined to the views expressed or implied in the following comments by respondents from this group: ‘you could never have done anything with this poor mother’, and:
Families expressed resentment if they came to think that they were being considered as a ‘problem’ family, and were quick to point out that had it not been for the arrival of the new child, they would not have needed the services of the family therapist.
They must take a leading role in giving direction to families who have expressed interest in providing a home for a black child.
It is about people coming to identify and express personal feelings, wishes and circumstances and coming to understand what contributes to the positive and negative of their existence.
At a recent conference for teachers, a great deal of anger was expressed about a DES circular.
Nor must this process be exaggerated: as Bottoms (1983) has pointed out, by far the most significant development in penal practice this century, in sheer quantitative terms, has been the increased use of the fine — and this expresses classical ‘deterrence-through-symbolism’ rather than positivist principles.
But, initially at least, it seemed to express the right kinds of sentiment.
But as I suggested in the last part of Chapter 2, this difference is not of any great practical significance: whether deviant motivations are taken as given because they express free will (classical theory) or because it is not deemed fruitful to attempt their explanation (control theory) does not, in itself; have any practical implications for the subsequent criminological enterprise.
Even if working-class crime is promoted by the same features of capitalism as produce socialist consciousness this is no basis for automatically equating them: working-class crime may express purely personal goals or, if there are some wider underlying objectives, they cannot necessarily be assumed to be socialist ones.
For example, even in the relatively active period in which Liebowitz and Horowitz were writing, only a minute proportion of total crime could conceivably be attributed to marginal political groups' expressing themselves in conventional criminal activity.
As Corrigan and Frith (1975) suggested, we should really be looking at the potential that is expressed in their deviant lifestyles and ‘resistance’ activities.
Postclassical criminology, then, sees criminal action as chosen and as expressing the purposes, intentions, and meanings attached to the situations in which it occurs, of those who indulge in it.
If human action expresses motives and purposes, a question that arises is where the motives for criminal action come from (especially if we are unable to specify their ‘causes’, in the positivist sense).
Alternatively, they are expressed vicariously through tastes in films and television.
In 1947 all the London dailies except The Times, Daily Mirror and Daily Worker printed large editions in Manchester, and the Daily Mail and Daily Express also printed in Scotland (until 1966 and 1974 respectively).
Each was owned, moreover, by one of the national dailies — the Evening News by the Daily Mail , the Evening Standard by the Daily Express and the Star by the News Chronicle .
Despite gloomy predictions over the next 20 years, including forecasts that only one ‘quality’ daily would survive, with one middle-range paper (the Express , for example) and one tabloid, only two other established papers died.
The one exception was the Daily Star , founded in 1978 by the owner of the Daily Express , Trafalgar House.
Workforces were slashed: the Express group, for example, cut one-third of its 6,000 staff.
The Mail on Sunday (summer 1982) had more difficulty, since it aimed chiefly to take readers from the less buoyant middle market long dominated by the now declining Sunday Express .
In June 1961 the Sunday Dispatch , another middle-ground paper squeezed into unprofitability by competition for sales and advertising revenue, was sold by Lord Rothermere and amalgamated with the Sunday Express .
Great success, such as that of the Daily Express at its peak (around 1960), might contain the seeds of decline.
Both the Express and the Mail went into the 1970s with an ageing readership, for they failed to replace their old readers with young new ones in the same numbers.
The great circulation successes were the Daily Mirror and Daily Express into the 1960s; the Sun from 1970 onwards , when it bit hard into the Mirror's market;The Daily Telegraph until the 1980s and the Guardian , in a quiet way, after it had settled in London.
The Express and Mirror successes were repeated by their Sunday companions.
In 1945 the Mail, Express, News Chronicle and Herald dominated the number of titles and the sales of the qualities and tabloids either side of them.
Forty years on, the Mail and Express remained, with the new Today , but found themselves squeezed between sectors that had doubled in size.
Only the Sunday Express , among all the middle market populars, was still a broadsheet in 1990.
Beaverbrook's Express group did not prosper under his son Max Aitken, who sold out some ten years after Beaverbrook's death.
Unlike, say, Rothermere's Associated Newspapers, Beaverbrook had never seriously diversified, not even into the provincial press, and although the Sunday Express remained profitable, the Daily Express and London Evening Standard were in trouble.
Finally the expanding provincial group, United Newspapers, bought the Express group in 1985 from Trafalgar House.
Staff of the Scottish Daily Express tried to fill the gap when local publication of their paper was ended in 1974.
Copies of the Express continued to be available, shipped up from England.
Its first links with Beaverbrook came through refurbishing the Express building in Fleet Street.
United bought the Express papers when Trafalgar tired of them.
Until the decline of the ‘middle market’ broadsheets (Daily Express, Daily Mail , and so on), readership and social class matched quite tidily.
In 1966, for instance, the class distribution of Daily Express and Daily Mail readers, the two dominant middle market papers, with nearly two-fifths of the total readership, reflected very closely the class distribution of the population as a whole (see Table 6.2).
The Daily Express , in contrast, had been the authentic voice of middle class England in the same period.
While the Mirror and Express flourished, the Herald and its offspring Sun (pre-Murdoch) struggled, and the Mail lived in  the shadow of the Express .
Clearly there are many ways of studying man, and the phrase ‘I am interested in people’ that is often used to express and justify an interest in social anthropology is encouraging — but not very enlightening.
Our primary units of reference are ‘societies’, that is, distinct and relatively autonomous communities whose members' mutual social relations are embedded in, and expressed through, the medium of a common culture.
They may indeed be able to voice interests and demands which their sources are unable to express through any other channel.
What this implies and should express is the field-worker's moral commitment to his foreign hosts; this can be the source of much personal anguish and heart-searching.
And as the handmaid of religiosity, ritual's part was to express and impress those sentiments of group adherence on which the orderly life of the social organism depended for its survival.
So it is evident that witchcraft (or sorcery) is a particular cultural conceptualization of envy and guilt: these are the emotions which it expresses and upon which it feeds.
The accusation which expresses the righteous moral indignation of the accuser immediately puts the accused in the wrong; and that is especially satisfying when you want a scapegoat to blame, or when you wish to gain an advantage over an enemy.
Witchcraft conceptions represent, as Monica Wilson has neatly expressed it, the ‘standardized nightmares’ of the community, the horrifying spectre of what it most fears and dreads, the sinister antithesis of all its hopes and expectations.
Finally, let us note that the inherent ambiguity exemplified here is even more obvious when the righteous indignation of established authority is directly expressed in mystical sanctions which do not require the intervention of a third party such as the ancestors.
Amongst the Nyakyusa of Tanzania this power is known literally as ‘the breath of men’ and is clearly conceived of as a ‘murmuring’afflatus, which marshals and expresses the public  opinion of the community.
Following the Oxford Dictionary, which is here a more lucid guide than my more abstruse colleagues, we can say that a symbol signifies something other than or complementary to itself; it can therefore be used to represent, express, or image things which are external to it but to which it is linked in an appropriate fashion.
On the contrary, it is the proud assertion of belligerent warrior bellicosity, traditionally expressed in head-hunting raids against the surrounding Muslim population.
Of course in both our own case and that of the Nuristanis horns express aggressive male sexuality.
If we want to go further back in history (and are prepared to be suitably eclectic) we can find a similarly expressed contrast between Roundheads and Cavaliers.
For example, fears of escalation expressed by the police set the tone for the Star headline BABY-FACED SEX BEAST ‘SET TO KILL' —‘Detectives believe the same man carried out two earlier attacks and is becoming increasingly violent.
In the literature there has been concern expressed how the dead victim may be blamed.
Only one of the paratroopers expressed any regret, telling the police: ‘It started as a joke.
Thus he may admit that words like ‘right’ and ‘wrong’can be,and often are, understood in a non-utilitarian fashion, perhaps simply to express ill considered emotions in statements incapable of rational testing or of being true or false.
Rather, they express some ‘attitude’ of the speaker, such as some ultimate preference about how we should behave or society be organized, and invite the hearer to adopt it too.
However, subsequent thinkers have often seen his claim as in effect about the meaning of the word ‘good’ and Moore himself at times expresses himself thus.
It seems misleading to express this in terms of a universal object horse which, like individual horses, has such parts as a head, a tail, and so forth.
He says that they express beliefs.
Thus the statement ‘It is raining’ expresses the speaker's belief that it is raining and the statement ‘Bertrand Russell was a writer of short stories’expresses the speaker's belief that Bertrand Russell was a writer of short stories.
In virtue of expressing the belief that it is raining the statement ‘It is raining says or asserts that it is raining.
One could also say more impersonally that the statement ‘It is raining’ expresses the belief, not merely the speaker's belief, that it is raining.
That makes it clearer that someone else who assents to (or dissents from) the statement is expressing their belief (or disbelief) that it is raining.
If one's companion says (a little artificially)‘Quite so’(perhaps ‘Quite so, what of it?’) she is expressing her belief that it is raining.
In short, related to a factual statement is a certain belief of which both those who utter  it and those who assent to it express or exhibit their acceptance.
To say that a factual statement expresses a belief is not necessarily to imply that the speaker, or the hearer who assents to it, really has that belief.
When a statement expresses a belief, it does not say that the speaker (or one who assents to it) has that belief.
If ‘it is raining’ expresses the belief that it is raining, but says not that I, the speaker, have that belief, but simply that it is raining, it would appear that it differs in meaning from ‘I believe that it is raining’.
Moreover, it would appear that the difference is that the latter sentence expresses my belief that I have the belief that it is raining, and says that I have the belief that it is raining, and does not express the belief that it is raining or say that it is raining.
(perhaps one should say that as such a psychological statement it would express my awareness that I have the belief rather than my belief that I have the belief , since belief is not quite the right word in this context, but let us leave such qualifications to be understood.)
What I am expressing is a tentative belief that it is raining, not the belief (or awareness of the fact) that I believe that it is raining.
Perhaps it oversimplifies the situation to treat these as two quite different uses of such expressions as ‘I believe that seems, rather, that it is built into the meaning of ‘I believe that…’ that it hovers between expressing tentative belief that what is specified by the following wording is so, and expressing belief or awareness that the speaker believes that it is so.
For our purposes, however, no harm will be done if we distinguish two uses of ‘I believe that…’. one in which it expresses the tentative belief that what is specified by the following wording is so, the other in which it expresses the belief or awareness that the speaker has the belief.
The attitudinist now asks us to consider whether there may not be sentences which express, in the sense of ‘express’ in which factual statements express beliefs, something other than beliefs.
Perhaps the sentence ‘Is it raining?’ expresses the state  of wondering whether it is raining, and the sentence ‘Shut the window, please’expresses the state of wishing the hearer to shut the window.
However, it seems that the relation is not quite the same, for there is no comparable way in which a hearer can express the same wonder or wish by assenting to the sentence as uttered by the speaker.
There are somewhat similar ways in which it would be odd to express assent to a question to show that one shared the speaker's wondering.
So if imperatives and interrogatives express wishes and wonderings it is in a somewhat different sense.
It seems, then, that sentences which are not declarative cannot express anything in the sense in which factual statements do.
That leaves open the possibility, however, that some declarative sentences or statements are not factual and express something other than beliefs.
The proposal of the attitude theory of ethics is that there is; another class of declarative statements which express so-called attitudes, in just the sense in which straight declarative factual statements express beliefs.
The attitudinist calls statements which express attitudes rather than beliefs value statements and be thinks of ethical statements as a more or less vaguely delimited subclass of these.
Actual attitude theorists have on the whole taken rather lightly the task of distinguishing the particular kinds of attitudes expressed by those value statements which are distinctively ethical.
The attitudes expressed by value statements are all ways of favouring or disfavouring things which we would  like to see shared.
However, not all attitudes expressed in value statements have the requisite stridency to be called moral.
These more strident attitudes expressed in properly speaking ethical statements are ways of being in favour of or against types of behaviour with a degree of force which makes us wish disfavoured actions discouraged by some kind of social sanction.
Another possibility is that we call statements expressing attitudes with this particular sort of stridency moral statements and allow as ethical all statements which express attitudes towards conduct of a certain special seriousness and pervasiveness in their influence on one's own behaviour and such as one would like to find widely shared, but not necessarily to have supported by a social sanction.
There are those which, like ‘Stealing is wrong’, express a pure attitude, without any admixture of belief.
Of course, my attitude may stem from my having certain beliefs, but these beliefs are not part of what is actually expressed by the sentence, and do not pertain to that which someone else must share with me, in order for it to be logically proper for him to assent to my sentence.
There are others which express an attitude towards some thing or state of affairs the existence of which is stated, or at least implied, and which therefore also express a belief in its existence.
However, even though it expresses my belief that you did steal the money, the distinctively ethical role of the sentence is to express my attitude of disfavour towards you for this act.
If someone believes that it is raining, or that the knave stole the tarts, there is either a state of affairs such as he believes in or there is not, and his belief, and the  statement which expresses it, is true or false; accordingly.
When a sentence expresses an attitude or a wish it cannot be true or false in this sense, for wishes and attitudes cannot be true or false as beliefs can.
The attitudinist will admit, indeed, that there is a weak sense of true' and ‘false’, in which they merely register agreement or disagreement, and in which it is quite legitimate to use them to express agreement or disagreement in attitude with an ethical statement.
It is important to realize that when the speaker uses an ethical statement to express an attitude, the hearer who agrees or dissents is not agreeing to, or dissenting from, any claim to the effect that the speaker has the attitude.
Rather, he is expressing his own agreement or disagreement in attitude, and to agree or disagree in attitude is not to agree or disagree about an attitude.
This is implied in saying that the original statement expressed an attitude, and not a belief about an attitude.
It is on the basis of the distinction between statements which express attitudes and those which state that one has an attitude that the attitudinist thinks his theory significantly different from ethical subjectivism as usually understood.
But for attitudinism an ethical statement does  not state any fact at all, not even the fact that the speaker has a certain attitude; rather it expresses an attitude, something, so it is contended, which is very different.
Stevenson commented on this that we disagree in attitude, but not (necessarily) in belief, and in any case, for attitudinism, since the two statements express opposite attitudes, they are incompatible in much the same way as that in which statements which express opposite beliefs are.
More generally one can say that for attitudinism ethical statements invite the hearer (or perhaps the speaker when in discourse with himself) to express his agreement or disagreement in attitude, or perhaps join in a shared attempt to arrive at some stable and better based attitude, towards what is in question, and that this is quite a different matter from any discussion concerning the   psychological state, of approving or disapproving, on either the speaker's or hearer's part.
Although (according to attitudinism) ethical statements express attitudes rather than beliefs they are in many ways quite comparable to factual statements which express beliefs.
They express a certain mental stance to the world which others are invited to accept or reject just as do factual statements, and as mere imperatives, exclamations and interrogatives cannot.
If I say ‘Prostitution is on the increase’ I express my belief that it is on the increase, but what I put upon the mat for discussion is not my holding the belief, but rather the state of affairs, which I hold to be actual, but which others may not, of prostitution being on the increase.
For, with some qualifications which do not much affect the main point, he suggests that when we give reasons for an ethical statement we are typically making factual claims acceptance of which we hope will cause others to have the attitude it expresses and he distinguishes this sharply from the case where one statement gives some kind of logical or rational support to another.
To say what it ought to be would be to express attitudes of his own, which he does not regard as the task of the kind of philosopher like himself who is, in his professional work, trying to understand ethical discussion rather than to participate in it.
The typical case is one in which a factual statement points out that a situation is one of the kind in which an ethical statement asserts that a certain obligation holds, that is, one in which it has expressed the wish that people should act in a certain way or meet the disfavour of others.
If the attitudinist can make sense of deductive reasoning as applied to ethical statements, it seems that he can make sense of the embedding of ethical sentences in complex sentences where the attitude they would express on their own is, so to speak, held in reserve.
The antecedent and consequent of the first sentence do not, in this context, function to express disapproval either of polygamists or of Solomon.
The distinction between cognitive and valuational meaning follows naturally from our account of the way in which statements express beliefs or attitudes.
However, the theory allows that a statement can express both a belief and an attitude.
For example, ‘He is a wicked old man’ expresses both the belief that he is an old man and some kind of disapproval of him.
It expresses one's readiness to have a certain attitude to the person named by ‘you’ if he acts in a certain way, and in a broad sense this readiness is itself an attitude.
We can now say that the meaning of an individual word is valuational to the extent that its prime role is to make the statements in which it occurs express certain attitudes, and that it is descriptive if its prime role is to specify the content either of the belief or of the attitude which sentences in which it occurs express.
The main thesis of the attitudinist theory of ethics can now be expressed as the claim that the most general ethical words have a primarily valuational meaning, while to be properly ethical at all, a word must have a meaning which is partly valuational.
In the case of words which combine a fairly definite descriptive meaning with a valuational meaning it is rather a puzzle to say what correct linguistic usage bids one do, if one recognizes that something answers to the descriptive meaning, but does not have the attitude towards it which the word expresses in virtue of its ‘value charge’, as one might put it.
Does he say of someone who does not have this character that he is ‘not loyal’, in order to express lack of approval of him, or does he say that he is loyal, but seek to negate the usual valuational meaning of the word, by inserting some adverb like ‘deplorably’ before it?
However, the attitudinist will say that the only real deduction is at the descriptive level, and that the distinctively ethical part of the conclusion springs from the value charge of the word which expresses an attitude from which one can disassociate oneself without being in the least irrational.
Such a definition takes a word with a certain valuational meaning, and rather vague descriptive meaning, and broadens, narrows or shifts the descriptive meaning so that the emotions expressed by the valuational meaning are directed at more or less substantially different targets.
Moral philosophers who hold this sort of view are wont to agree with the attitudinist that moral judgements, or value judgements on which they are based, express emotional attitudes, but will insist that these can be correct or incorrect in quite as objective a way as that in which judgements can be true or false.
The attitudinist would say that calling an emotional attitude correct or incorrect is simply expressing a higher order emotional attitude towards it.
So he concludes that ordinary moral judgements express the erroneous view that there are objective features of the world which intrinsically (and not merely because, as a matter of contingent fact, we respond to them in certain ways) require something of us.
This essentially rational nature of the human essence explains why thought — such thought as Spinoza tries to express in his work — can influence our behaviour, so that we are guided by conceptions of good and evil.
However, Spinoza, as a moralist, appeals to no merely emotive power of ethical words, nor even to facts which might serve as contingent causes of the ethical attitudes he is expressing.
Thus Hume does not sharply distinguish between interpreting moral judgements as expressing one's own feelings, stating one's own feelings, and suggesting how men in general would feel about a situation if they knew enough.
However, to talk of its goodness is not to talk merely of its utility but to report upon or express or predict emotional responses thereto.
An emotivist will think that Butler is merely expressing and inviting an attitude whereby we favour this sort of system of self control, while an intuitionist will think that there is tacit appeal to an intuition as to what ought to be.
Thus the doctor who tells me to take a drug, if I wish to recover from a sickness, is expressing a hypothetical imperative.
One of the earliest objections to Kant lies in his combining an objective view of ethics with the view that morality is properly expressed in imperatives.
They expressed the triumph of legal equality and state authority over the privileges of the landed aristocracy.
Some elite theorists believe that the masses have repressed interests even if they do not express them in observable forums.
Even if these groups do not overtly express their grievances, they may have latent interests which are being repressed.
Dahrendorf (1959, p. 293) expresses Schumpeter's ideas well:
Because successive political elites import political commitments into office with them, they do create a distinctive ‘atmosphere’ for policy-making inside the state apparatus — a set of values and a terminology for expressing them which has to be widely adopted by other personnel, such as bureaucratic agencies.
Modern constitutional  European national governments expressed the maturing of humanity from the stages of felt reason and subjective consciousness, and were a proof of God's journey towards self-perfection.
This attachment to a strong appearance — reality distinction is most often expressed in modern times as ‘structuralism,.
German romantic philosophers before Hegel were infatuated by ‘expressivism’, the belief that it is possible to create a world in which human spiritual capacities can be fully expressed (Taylor, 1975).
Relatively detailed Marxist accounts of state institutions operate have emerged only in the post-war period, and are associated chiefly with the growth of Western neo-Marxisms — new forms of expressing Marx and Engels' ideas, distinguished chiefly by their willingness to engage ‘bourgeois’ social science directly in debate.
He had been very proud of my golfing prowess  when it won me a place in the university golf team, and had even been heard to express his satisfaction when my handicap went down to scratch.
Many of Jack's forthright and colourful opinions were expressed for effect, and he was actually being unfair to the PGA.
Officially England was at peace with Spain, and Elizabeth expressed official regret at Drake's activities.
Basing the structure of authority upon a governor, a council for day-to-day affairs, and an assembly to pass legislation, vote taxes, and express the trend of public feeling was an arrangement that would seem natural to anyone who knew about the English system of King, Privy Council, and parliament.
They made the Navigation Acts effective; in the colonies the legislation came to be known as ‘the Acts of Trade’, which expressed rather well the way that, while the Acts' main importance to England lay in their encouragement to shipping, their main impact on the colonies came in the way they affected the pattern of trade that was developing.
Whatever its actual effect, the English wanted at least to make sure that they would not be out of pocket over expansion in America, and the fear that they would lose money was expressed by the economist Charles Davenant when he wrote in 1698: ‘it cannot reasonably be admitted that the mother country should impoverish herself to enrich the children nor that Britain should weaken herself to strengthen America.’
By the 1740s the Moghul central government had grown too weak to impose peace on Europeans, in the 1750s the British and the French took an important role in struggles among Indians, and by 1763 the British had made themselves rulers of one of the most important regions of India, though they had not yet worked out a legal form to express the new reality in India.
This more sophisticated and rationally expressed conspiracy theory of anti-semitism was combined with gutter racist anti-semitic abuse in its publications.
After 1934 this was to be combined with the anti-semitic obsession of both ultra-conservative reactionary fascism and racial nationalist traditions in the BUF, despite the fact that it was expressed in slightly less virulent form and appeared to have more social roots.
Indeed it is his support for Mosley, expressed on many occasions, which goes some way to account for the continuing neglect of his work by much of the literary establishment.
Both of them found it difficult to express their feelings on the war, except in the third person, so strong were their views.
Chesterton also tended to express his own feelings in the mouths of alleged fictional characters.
Far more than any other fascist leader, Mosley's view of the post-war world was based on a rationally expressed intellectual critique.
This was expressed in a more rational and less extreme form than in the Britons Society, although individuals like Baron Sydenham of Coombe appeared to be connected with both.
Of little significance in the inter-war period, her ideas developed a new lease of life, both in Britain and the USA, after the Second World War, because her rationally expressed anti-semitism and pseudo-academic version of world history proved influential in themselves, as well as providing a respectable cover for more extreme ideas.
Prior to the First World War unrelieved hostility towards the Jews, which expressed both obsession with their alleged power and ascribed to them filthy moral and personal habits, was rare.
Although he vehemently denied being a fascist, merely wishing to purge the Conservatives of all Jewish influence, his unparliamentary statements expressed to the NL and his connection with the Tyler Kent affair in 1940 left considerable room for doubt.
It was based on certain fundamental beliefs, which were expressed in extreme form, deriving ultimately from certain aspects of nineteenth-century scientific enquiry and social philosophy.
It represented a synthesis of certain ideas, expressing as uncritical positivism which amalgamated certain propositions from anthropology, biology, psychology and sociology, which was presented as an hierarchy of race.
informal rejection or acceptance of the planning proposal, without expressing it at a formal level
In June 1988 the Torbay Herald Express ran a largely complimentary story on the DGH unit, the Edith Morgan Centre (EMC), investigating why it had been ‘thrust into the limelight…in a string of incidents involving patients treated at the much talked about psychiatric unit’.
In fact staff at Friern produced a lengthy critique of the RHA policy, while ‘important reservations’ had been expressed by other respondents.
This year Sun Express is buying products up front from the Sun satellites — and will offer its marketing services to them — and says all sales will be to end users this time around.
The US is now on the third edition of the Sun Express catalogue, Europe a second, with the first Japanese version due now.
Sun Express will use a CLS warehouse in Belgium to distribute in Europe shortly, although the eventual plan is to locate in Holland alongside the tele-sales operation, possibly at Montfoort, where SMCC's new delivery centre has opened (UX No 400).
Elsewhere Sun Express reckons it can deliver products 20% below the cost on SMCC price lists — it offers no installation, service or support.
X/Open Co Ltd has abandoned plans for a European Xtra conference, which was to be held in Dusseldorf next month (UX No 386): it claims users expressed a preference for the Xtra Congress in Washington DC during the first week of December.
The software will be available direct from SMCC as well as from Sun Express and SunSelect, sending a clear message it wants to be a one-stop shop for corporate customers.
The company is foreswearing Sun Express as a distribution point for the Classics and will go through its usual channels instead.
It says it's the first product to fully support the Intel Express motherboard architectures with DEC's high-performance graphics, SCSI and networking chipsets and adapters.
SNA communications house Systems Strategies Inc says it has designated UnixWare as the primary development platform for its new Express 2.0 Unix-to-IBM (AS/400 and mainframe) comms software.
Canon has reportedly already expressed an interest in buying the hardware business, but says it won't make any decisions until the end of May.
It streamlines the use of phone, fax, e-mail, post and express mail and provides IsoFax with a shareable fax address book.
For instance it is offering a number of parallel application development packages — Linda, Express and PVM — alongside the AIX Parallel Environment Software that the company has developed itself for the SP1.
New York-based Systems Strategies Inc will introduce Express Peer-to-Peer, its real-time communications software, for linking Unix systems to IBM AS/400s.
Express Peer-to-Peer enables users to perform bi-directional file transfer, execute remote job submissions, print documents on both Unix and AS/400 printers and develop program-to-program applications using IBM's LU6.2 protocol.
Sun Microsystems Inc shares were off $2.50 at $32.375 last week after the company's chief financial officer suggested that the quarter's results may fall below expectations, prompting analysts at Dean Witter and Goldman Sachs to express concern about the workstation maker's order levels this quarter.
In the past it has expressed an interest in taking on Cypress' SuperSparc-compatible part (UX No 408).
He was a McKinsey & Co consultant, then president of American Express and is brother of former IBM Corp top staffer Richard Gerstner.
Recipients included Robert Fabry, CSRG at UCB; Deborah Scherrer, LBL; and Bob Schiefler, X Consortium in the Academic Driver category; Mike DeFazio, USL, Armando Stettner, ex-DEC, Bruce Weiner, Mindcraft and Bob Marsh of Onyx and Plexus fame for Unix Evangelism; Steve Bourne, Vinton Cerf, Jon Mashey and Eric Schmidt for Technology; Jim Bell, Walter De Backer and Heinz Lycklama for Standards; Frame Technology, Informix, Oracle and Sybase for Applications; Larry Crume, ex-AT&T now Lotus, Geoff Morris, X/Open and Yoshiro Yoshioka, Fujitsu for Global Market Building; HP, SCO and Sun for Business Commitment; Burlington Coat Factory, DHL, Federal Express, Hyatt and Wal-Mart for using the stuff; Pamela Gray, Bill Joy and Doug Michels for Lifetime Achievement; and Mike Azzara, Open Systems Today; Ed Taylor, Pencom; and our own Maureen O'Gara for Special Distinction.
Unisys uses this never-before-released measure to express the technological leap it believes Pentium represents.
A project to computerise the national accounting system of Romania is currently under way, though Ruman expressed caution regarding his company's chances of winning that account.
Two organisations have now managed to set up clearing facilities enabling them to dispense hard currency in Moscow: Credobank, a Moscow-based commercial bank, began offering cash advances to Visa card holders from early March and American Express has been offering a limited service to its card holders from its Moscow representative office; Credobank has an on-line connection to a London clearing centre to check all cards — the connection was organised by Sprint Networks; the bank also plans to offer cash service in some Moscow hotels.
Echo president, Brad Burnham, claims Apple has expressed an unpursued interest in taking an equity position in Echo.
The Sparcbook will be promoted by Sun Express via its quarterly catalogue and outbound telesales force.
Santa Fe Interactive is a developer of customised multimedia business systems with a high degree of user interactivity for corporate clients such as American Express.
The thing will make phone calls, fax, send E-mail, post or express mail, address envelops and post reminders.
PostModern Computing Technologies Inc, a 10-month-old Palo Alto, California-based software start-up with strong ties to Stanford University, is reportedly beta testing its set of C++ NetClass libraries for TCP/IP-based object transport among some 40 odd sites including Los Alamos Labs, Bell Labs, American Express, JP Morgan, US West, Shearson Lehman Japan and Ericsson AB.
Some analysts express concern that the new systems will be less secure and incapable of doing donkey work like batch processing.
The companies say the books will be available starting this fall in national bookstores in the US like B Dalton and Barnes & Noble as well as from Sun Express.
Federal Express Corp is to install ‘several thousand’ colour and monochrome X-terminals in its Memphis, Tennessee headquarters and local field offices by the mid-1990s, and has placed an order for the pilot stage of its upgrade programme with Network Computing Devices Inc.
The effect of a dense concentration of the woollen textile industry is emphatically expressed by the manner in which the seventeen manufacturing villages and towns of Babergh hundred, Suffolk, differed from the purely agricultural ones (see Table 2.13).
Equally troublesome, if not more so, is the domiciliary assessment which turns out to express total income from all sources.
The incomes of the resident incumbents of Dorney and Taplow were expressed as rents, possibly to draw attention to something out of the ordinary: leases granted by previous absentee parsons had not yet expired.
You have to return the registration card, but EtherExpress buyers also get a copy of LANSight Express.
And there are some advantages in buying from a local dealer; if something goes wrong with your machine, you can take it straight back tot he shop and express your rage directly to the person you bought it from.
If historical time is the existence of the social totality then the relation between the two must be one of immediacy, allowing what Althusser calls an ‘essential section’, that is ‘a break in the present such that all the elements of the whole revealed by this section are in an immediate relationship with one another, a relationship that immediately expresses their internal essence’.
This section is possible precisely because the unity of the whole is an expressive totality, that is ‘a totality all of whose parts are so many ‘total parts ’ each expressing the others, and each expressing the social totality that contains them, because each in itself contains in the immediate form of its expression the essence of the totality itself’(94).
If the Althusserian mode of production is made up of differential times and histories, ‘a complex ‘intersection’ of the different times, rhythms, turnovers, etc.’, then each element cannot express the whole because the whole is only accessible as a concept, which is precisely not expressed at all.
Total, or, elsewhere, global, history assumes a spatio-temporal continuity between all phenomena, and a certain homogeneity between them insofar as they all express the same form of historicity — Althusser's essential section — whereas in general history the problem is precisely to determine the relation between different series: whereas a total history draws everything together according to a single principle, a general history analyses the space of dispersion and heterogeneous temporalities.
The England management later issued a statement expressing regret at the incident
Why does a view have to be expressed as a question?
Why does a view have to be expressed as a question?
The point's that I think is trying to be made is that there are a lot of people here tonight who do wish to express an opinion and that opinion is not necessarily formulated in question form.
we held it after prep, so we've organised another one for tomorrow lunch time and erm  and lot more people express interest because of that, we haven't actually got any letters yet.
Erm and I say this view is, is in some respects being er erm er expressed relatively early on.
1 S Pearce (Bic/Titman Tip Tools); 2 A Mexome (F2/Soveriegn Hols); 3 C Waite (Fanatic/Dolphin); 4 S Lindsell (Mistral); 5 S Miller (Fanatic); 6 M Smalling (Fanatic/Hummingbird Express); 7 P Goodchild (Mistral/Ski-Surf 2000); 8 B Fogg (F2); 9 N Ainsworth (F2); 10 L Booth (Fanatic).
At Stansted Airport, Network SouthEast's Stansted Express service to Liverpool Street will be replaced by a coach service operated by Speedlink Airport Services.
Airport passengers who would normally use north-bound trains between Stansted and Cambridge, operated by BR's Regional Railways division, are advised to use the alternative coach service run by National Express.
More than 1,000 residents of Aldeburgh have expressed support for Mr Wilson.
The firm is UPS, which operates a weekly flight with a DC8 cargo plane from America, rivaling Federal Express at Stansted.
‘They can get deep depressions and do not know how to express it, and it can come out in rebellion of one sort or the other,’ said Anne.
One way of making people express themselves is to give them a Russian Doll.
The Tarnished Crown: Crisis in the House of Windsor , is ‘perhaps the most significant work ever written on the House of Windsor,’(Daily Express , May 8) and promises to ‘fan the flames of royal debate like no other publications since Andrew Morton's Diana: Her True Story’(The Times, May 3 ).
At the time, a number of shopkeepers in Upper Orwell Street expressed concern about the effect on their shops.
Yesterday Lucas factory manager Colin Hull said the firm was delighted to have been asked to host a visit from the princess as a result of her expressing a wish to include an industrial stop on her stay.
Colchester Borough Council has expressed an interest in managing the earthworks at Straight Road and Bluebottle Grove, which were built to defend Colchester during the Iron Age, and St Botolph's Priory.
Roy Smith, councillor for Golf Green, Clacton, will be urging Tendring District Council to support his motion and express its opposition to Government plans to raise prices.
Even her two notations of a seashore, surely a romantic subject, are expressed in the cool tones and subdued emotion of the classicist.
More fundamental doubts about the war were expressed by Richard de Bury Bishop of Durham in his Philobiblion , where he said that ‘war, wanting discretion of reason, furiously attacks whatever falls in its way, and not being under the guidance of reason it destroys the vessels of reason’, and he beseeched ‘the ruler of Olympus and the most high Dispenser of all the world, that he may abolish war, establish peace, and bring about tranquil times under his own special protection’.
This was not, in all probability, the intent of the statute: it seems to have arisen from concern expressed by the commons in parliament at the tendency of the judges in the 1340s to construe as usurpation of royal power, and thus treason, such offences as riot and highway robbery.
I still occasional refer to these especially when I need a ‘refresher’ so well expressed by Veal in his unique manner.
Nervousness can be expressed by the sitter glancing sideways or even backwards, whereas a more confident sitter will look directly towards you.’
For the artist, whatever else art may be it is an attempt to express deeply held beliefs about the nature of being.
The work is a result of an elaborate synthesis of intellect and emotion that is expressed through selective use of forms, colours, lines and tones.
Taking the rather obvious theme of the mother and child, for example, this is used over and over again by artists, though each time it must be expressed or interpreted in an individual way.
The Prince of Wales has an obvious love of the countryside and for 20 years he has somehow found some private time to express this through the medium of watercolour painting.
But, unperturbed and dissatisfied with photography, the Prince has persevered to express his love of nature through paint.
But fears that the long holiday would lead to a marked slump in production figures for December and January were expressed by City analysts who believe the mass closedown could result in a production loss worth £5bn.
This is in response to a need expressed by some publishing houses and employees that the total NVQ can be onerous to achieve.
The Royal Dutch Publishers Association has expressed concern about the inadequacy of the steps taken to ensure the validity of VAT numbers quoted to publishers or booksellers.
It is her ‘bottom drawer’ novel written before Eight Months on Ghazzah Street and Fludd , a big passionate French Revolution story which won the Sunday Express prize.
Incidences were expressed as annual rates per million population.
Standardised registration ratios were calculated by expressing the observed number of cases as a percentage of the expected number, the expected number being calculated by applying the national age specific rates for each five year age group to the number of people in the population being considered.
Secondly, priority needs to be given to establishing structures that will enable all general practitioners to be involved in influencing the views of the purchasing authorities, including those who have hitherto expressed little or no interest and those who already have a clear interest in participating.
The language that has developed to express these ideas is becoming increasingly more difficult for those outside the immediate discussion to understand.
For example, Justice Foster said, ‘Had the author [of the advertisement]wished to indicate that nothing more than an opinion was being expressed, he could have achieved this object quite simply by introducing the very same words ‘we think’ before the ‘there is little evidence’.’
In 1987 he was found not guilty over a full page article in the Sunday Express .
The effect from the Sunday Express article is just beginning to wane slightly and a boost now would be absolutely terrific and see us right through to Christmas.
I also expressed concern about the possibility, albeit rare, of producing generalised anaphylaxis in certain sensitised patients who are tested by intradermal injections rather than the ‘skin prick’ method.
Except for MIND most of the voluntary groups, such as the National Schizophrenia Fellowship and SANE, have expressed more positive enthusiasm for some measure of control, concerned that community care is too often an unfulfilled ideal that can become an impossible burden on relatives.
Concern has been expressed over the accuracy of death certificates in general, and certification of death from asthma in particular , but my study suggests that the inaccuracy may be much greater than previously realised.
Rates of sickness absence are expressed per 100 person years.
Opponents of fundholding expressed a range of concerns about the introduction of market principles into health care.
This was expressed in terms of freedom to do certain things (refer to hospitals of their choice; spend money on new staff and equipment) and freedom from externally determined policies and procedures (for example, contracts set by the district health authority).
Leaving out the copula (to be), using double negative, interchanging subjective and objective pronouns (he and him) can all be shown to be rule governed and consistent dialect practices, not evidence for an inability to express logical relations as Greenfield and some of the writers she cites had claimed (1972, p. 173).
The claim that unschooled Wolof children have not developed the ‘logical functions’ of language will appear then as no more than a statement that the conventions in which their thinking is expressed are different from those of the researcher herself.
If we really wanted to find out whether the unwesternised Wolof were capable of expressing different points of view, we could do worse than to look for instance at their political activities and see whether, in factional disputes, the lobbying that takes place indicates such an awareness.
School children who have learnt to express insights explicitly in terms of various points of view do not necessarily, in practice, make much political, intellectual or other use of such variety.
If they do not express the concept of multiple points of view in a way familiar to those schooled in western ways, we might be justified in exposing the limitations of their expressions and of the thought system within which they operate, but this would not tell us anything about the individuals or groups themselves as thinkers.
Moreover, the Wolof may retort that they do have ways of expressing multiple points of view and that we should attempt to understand these before dismissing them en bloc .
The leap in the argument here reveals an underlying interest akin to that expressed more explicitly by Hildyard and Olson: namely, in justifying the large and expensive western education systems that teach children away from the real-life situation.
The particular forms adopted by Greenfield, Hildyard and Olson can be related to the social formations and institutions that generated them, in this case specific academic institutions, just as in oral societies statements about truth are expressed and validated in terms of such complex forms and institutions as witchcraft, religion, cosmology and ritual.
Expressed in this way the hypothesis does not do justice to the variety and complexity of literate practices, undervalues the character of oral practices, and sets up a ‘great divide’ that they themselves reject when it is made explicit.
However, although early Greek literacy must therefore also be labelled ‘restricted’, the foundation was nevertheless being laid for future developments of the ‘full’ potential of literacy: ‘It was only by the time of Plato that the language had changed sufficiently to express new ideas’(ibid.).
In fact, he says, they are rule governed and functional: ‘In informal conversation they have a proper role, as they are one of the main means language has of expressing the various alterations in the force and direction of argument that we find ourselves using’(Crystal, 1976, p. 24).
Similarly, the use of ‘we’ to express solidarity and ‘institutional voice’may invoke power and status through, amongst other things, lending oneself the strength of numbers.
He is not denying the possibility of the English language overcoming the mind — body dichotomy nor of the Dinka language expressing it.
North Wales MP John Marek is to meet Home Office minister Lord Ferrers next week to express his concern at the length of time the North Wales child abuse inquiry is taking and the fact that no outside police force is overseeing it.
What I feel is being expressed in Harris' and Timms' paraphrase is frustration at the awesome time-wasting and prevarication which presently occurs in cases where secure accommodation is at issue.
Much outrage has been expressed that a charity should be asked to sponsor the wine at dinner, for example,(£1,000 plus VAT) for a lot of highly paid public and private sector bigwigs.
The government had not intervened in the dockers' ban, and although they supported the Poles against the Bolsheviks they were aware of the general feelings amongst the working classes, which were expressed vociferously at workers' meetings throughout the country.
Billy Sullivan was very polite and proper, if a blasphemer, but he had used the wicked words with passion, unable to express just what he felt in any other way.
The landowners were able to express their views on problems of internal security, foreign affairs, and taxation increases.
Yet to the end of the period the central government expressed intense frustration at its inability to carry out its policies.
Hungrily devouring the latest fruits of Western thought — Romanticism, German philosophical idealism, French socialism — they adapted this intellectual harvest to express and  grapple with their own problems.
The Slavophiles were critical of serfdom and political oppression but they sought a way forward which would draw on what they perceived as Russia's peculiar strength: the social solidarity expressed in both the Orthodox faith and the traditional peasant commune.
But they were also seizing the opportunity to express their frustration with the caprice, incompetence, and sheer inadequacy of provincial administration and judicial procedures.
In the late 1870s the government was almost embarrassed by the enthusiasm for a crusade against Turkey expressed by Panslavist publicists.
The war was hailed in Russia as a crusade for the liberty of fellow Slavs and aroused nationalist fervour expressed most stridently by a group of Panslavist publicists.
Although throughout the crisis Alexander III had expressed his contempt for any concessions to appease the government's critics, for some two months after coming to the throne he hesitated to reverse official policy.
Such socio-political criticism as there was in the music of P. I. Tchaikovsky (1840–93), the paintings of I. Repin (1844–1930), and the drama of A. P. Chekhov (1860–1904) was expressed with great subtlety.
Most perplexing, from the point of view of Tsar and government, was the growing resentment expressed by the landowning nobility.
It was Leon  Trotsky (1879–1940), a brilliant young recruit to the party, who expressed most succinctly the interwoven ideological and personal antagonism which Lenin provoked.
So, though Geoffrey  expressed his anger after the knight Walter had killed one of his kinsmen, he accepted two mills from him as the price of his peace.
Because writs, charters, and other chancery letters became everyday affairs, their language was now intended to express everyday realities.
The roots of disillusionment — in so far as they were the fruit of twelfth-century conditions and not merely the natural response to too high or too vaguely expressed expectations — lay in the intellectuals' belief, stated by John of Salisbury.
It is this belief that I am trying to express, for it is an art which is applicable to any enterprise of any size in any area of life's activities.
Even though I use many examples and experiences from my years with that company, the views expressed are mine and if my recollections or impressions vary from others' that is to my account, and not ICI's.
Whatever it is, it needs to have been thrashed out endlessly with the top leadership of the business and to be able to be expressed in a single, understandable, clear and unambiguous sentence.
It is even more essential, when for some reason the opposite view that is being expressed is not being accepted, to take extreme care to make it known how much you appreciate the views being expressed by the individual.
Many hotels now have a credit card microphone machine, which is linked to a central computer serving the five major credit card companies, i.e. Visa, American Express, Diners Club, Carte Blanche, Mastercard (see Chapter 5).
If the guest is settling the bill by credit card they can avail themselves of the express check-out service.
Specially coloured booklets are used for VIP guests or regular users of the hotel and carry added privileges such as preregistration, express check-in, special rates, welcome cocktails, daily newspapers and other complimentary features.
National Express Guide to Express Services — a guide to coach travel within Great Britain.
Sales vouchers relating to other credit card companies such as American Express, Diners Club International, Carte Blanche, etc. are dealt with in a different manner.
A ratio is a way of expressing the relationship of one figure to another, for example:
The terms of a contract are normally express (i.e. stated by the parties to be part of it).
The express terms contained in a booking contract are likely to relate to the following points:
The group leader's belief that all members have expressed views and that the decision is a consensus of divergent views.
This is unfortunate, as much of the blockage is emotional and should be expressed.
It is ‘know how’ which is often expressed in the customary or traditional way of doing things.
The consequence is expressed by Oakeshott thus:
Charles Taylor expresses it thus:
He expressed the hope that these corporate bodies would not only take on responsibilities for regulating economic activity but would also form a moral community for their members.
It is concisely expressed by Kloppenberg: ‘Did the Webbs want ethical regeneration or institutional efficiency?
Dicey is important precisely because he expressed both the form and substance of normativism in a clear and simple manner.
Finally, the concept was a formula for expressing the fact that, in our system, ‘the principles of private law have…been by the action of the Courts and Parliament so extended as to determine the position of the Crown and of its servants’.
This is a political idea and it is one which we have seen expressed in a contemporary form in Oakeshott's idea of respublica .
The contemporary difficulty has been well expressed by Judith Shklar who suggests that:
In that sense he expressed the anxiety of Victorians who were ‘wandering between two worlds, one dead, the other powerless to be born’.
He did not openly support the maintenance of the power of the House of Lords to veto legislation but he seemed to do so implicitly since he expressed concern that the authority of the Lords had been ‘gravely diminished’ He did, however, explicitly propose the introduction of proportional representation arguing that it ‘may sometimes secure a hearing in the House of Commons for opinions which, though containing a good deal of truth, command little or comparatively little popularity’.
In Oakeshott's view the establishment of the authority of the ruler is the paramount consideration in establishing the polity and the admiration which he expresses for Hobbes is rooted in the latter s replacement of reason by will as the foundation of political authority.
For here we find the head of the common law courts, echoing the spirit of Coke, Hale, and Mansfield and working largely within Dicey's framework, expressing anxiety about the challenge to the supremacy of the ‘ordinary law’ posed by statutory developments.
In general public law should ensure that the legal framework within which government operated provided an effective and equitable structure for the implementation of the public good, as expressed in the positive functions of the state.
For this reason, their message is not always expressed as clearly as it could be.
It could (in theory at least) have recommended a return to the eighteenth century position, illustrated by the Lord Chief Justice when he expressed hope that ‘the worst of the offending sections’ in Acts of Parliament be repealed or amended.
There have been those in positions of authority who have expressed doubt about the possibilities of this normativist project.
Schmitthoff's views, expressed in 1951, seem somewhat premature.
Reflecting a befuddlement judges often express when dealing with science (and revealing again that science is not yet part of the mainstream of education) one of the justices said: ‘There are Harvard law professors on both sides of this case; I had hoped you could get together and lead us out of the wilderness.’
As a physician of Italian origin, I can only express a sense of surprise and shame which, I hope, is shared by the whole Italian biomedical community.
In a letter to me written just over a year ago, reviewing a paper speculating that AIDS started with polo vaccination in the Belgian Congo, expressed his opinion that this was ‘a most irresponsible and uncritical communication’.
The fact that gp160 expressed in baculovirus with the sequence of HIV strain IIIB (LAI) will induce different immune responses when used de novo in previously unimmunized individuals as compared to already infected individuals is thus highly logical.
Homonyms are headwords to different entries that are spelt in the same way, e.g. bow (the weapon), bow (the action), bow (the verb expressing the action).
The tendency for distinctions between labour and management to appear less overt connects with the widely expressed view that class consciousness is not important to the Japanese.
Japan's 1947 constitution, drawn up by the US occupying authority, widened the franchise to all adults and the frequent national elections since then have, technically at least, given citizens the opportunity to express their preferences.
The perennial problem is how to express market coordination, guidance or indirect nurturing without undermining the host of implications that derive from liberal freedoms.
This, in some ways, explains the attraction of using state and government interchangeably because the outcome of negotiation can be expressed in terms of the representative electoral process.
Nevertheless the ideal is important if labour is encouraged to believe that it is a desirable norm and social surveys show that over 85 per cent of employees express the desire to spend their whole working career with just one firm.
In this kind of analysis the firm is often represented as a family in which respect for male elders is expressed by using seniority as the least disruptive and most predictable basis for internal promotion.
Richard Nixon repeatedly expressed his exasperation at having to work with an unresponsive bureaucracy.
By comparison only 46 per cent of British respondents, 30 per cent of Mexicans, 7 per cent of Germans and 3 per cent of Italians expressed pride in their governmental and political institutions.
The Governor has a similar philosophy but he can express his thought.’
Capital is an amalgam of party support in Congress, public approval as expressed in public opinion polls, and the margin of the president's victory at the election.
His principal objectives as expressed in the 1980 campaign, were to reduce the size and role of the government, to revive the economy and to strengthen the nation's defences.
From the client's point of view the assessment provides an opportunity to express their difficulties in a structured manner, and make links between specific problems and various areas of their life, both past and present.
Was the child allowed to express a wide and deep range of emotion, or was the expression of particular feelings taboo?
Very commonly anxious and stressed people express thoughts of self-doubt and self-deprecation.
The client may be asked to swap roles with the therapist who expresses a number of negative irrational ideas which the client helps them to correct.
The client expresses and believes in different, more rational interpretations —‘There is no rule which says somebody must love someone else, it would have been great if she'd turned up but there are other girls I could ask out.
For example, the person who cannot say ‘no’ to others' requests is likely to be overwhelmed by external demands; the person who fails to speak up for him/herself and express personal feelings and thoughts will not feel fulfilled and comfortable with his/her own identity; the person who can communicate only in an aggressive manner may fail to develop healthy trusting relationships.
Communication skills affect every area of life, from expressing feelings in intimate relationships to dealing with over-zealous shop assistants.
This involves violating one's own rights by failing to express honest feelings, thoughts and beliefs, and consequently permitting others to violate oneself.
Passive or non-assertive behaviour can also mean expressing one's thoughts and feelings in such an apologetic and self-effacing manner that others can easily disregard them.
Wringing hands — winks or laughs when expressing anger.
This involves standing up for one's personal rights and expressing one's thoughts, feelings, and beliefs in a way which is usually inappropriate and always violates the rights of the other person.
This involves standing up for personal rights and expressing your thoughts, feelings, and beliefs directly, honestly, and spontaneously in ways that are respectful of the rights of others.
Expressing yourself at the time of negative feelings means you will be less apt to hurt someone.
Allow yourself opportunities to express anger, frustration, and sadness.
In order to express their concern for equality and individual autonomy, liberals often insist that certain rights should be fundamental to the framework of society.
Again this generic theory of legal obligations is expressed in a variety of forms such as a duty of care, rules about fair competition, and the protection of the reliance interest.
At best, we can discern a pattern in the cases and views expressed about them.
These criticisms of family law express beliefs about law which are tacitly underpinned by legal theory.
What is being expressed here is a statement about the limits of law's hortatory function.
What is being expressed here is a statement about the limits of law in the resolution of disputes.
This viewpoint has been expressed as follows: ‘the mere hint by anyone concerned that the law may come in is the surest sign that things are or will soon be going wrong.’
As expressed by Atiyah the ‘weakening belief in the importance of the hortatory effect of the judicial process has been accompanied by, and has surely been part cause of, a change in the sense of justice itself.
And there is also concern expressed by lawyers of various kinds about what family law is doing to the ideal of the rule of law.
Thus some may remain forever the audience without the power to express their point of view.
How can other viewpoints be expressed?
It is significant that in (David Raymond) Smith the Court of Appeal had first to perform some surgery on the relationship of mens rea to the actus reus of criminal damage to reach the desired conclusion and it is therefore unsurprising that adverse comment was expressed by some of their Lordships in Morgan .
Indeed the Court of Appeal in Phekoo expressed the opinion that it only applied to rape but I hope that one might interpret that to mean ‘rape-like offences’, that is all offences where the mistake in question relates to a circumstance qualified by mens rea .
I HAVE listened with great interest to those voices who don't want the ‘South African tour rebels'’ ban to be lifted, and it is clear to me that many of them are not expressing these views out of a sense of justice or respect for the millions of blacks still suffering in South Africa.
A few days before his chanceless century, Dean expressed a wish ‘to go on and make bigger scores.
He modestly expressed no surprise at being omitted from the squad to play the opening round of one-day matches.
Sohail and Ramiz made 16 untroubled, and that evening Akram expressed fresh concern that some were still complaining that he and Waqar must be ‘doctoring’ the ball.
As Congress approached, several hundred questionnaires and letters were scrutinized in which would-be participants expressed their interests and priorities.
On the one hand it showed that various themes which WACC had pursued corresponded with needs expressed.
On the other hand the input suggested a shift in emphasis, for example in the interest expressed in media education and in the role of communication studies in theological education.
The programme thus expresses the reality that we are citizens of one world and are members of a world association committed to international solidarity and regional diversity.
Similar ideas are expressed vis-à-vis the mass media and information technology.
Similarly, there are voices from theologians, politicians and concerned citizens in many parts of the world and of many different persuasions expressing the need for a new ‘public philosophy’ and a new ethos of public morality in the 1990s.
Finally, Mr Valle urged Christians to ‘work together for communication that expresses an ethic of justice and promotes life, respect for human beings and their culture, and the development of true community.’
In a media environment where the press has tended to voice government or opposition propaganda, the Lanka Guardian has expressed its convictions in a non-partisan way.
WACC's thinking on this has been expressed in several official statements, including the Statement on Communication and Development of 1985.
Foreign or French minorities residing in France have a right to regular programmes expressing their particular cultures and life-styles.
All viewers have the right to express their views on television either personally or within the framework of representative organisations.
Its composer, the Argentinian Alejandro Mayol, sought to express the Christian faith in a language which everyone could understand — at all levels of society.
The article is written by Dr Rafael Roncagliolo of the Latin American Institute (IPAL) in Peru, and follows up on some of the convictions expressed at a meeting of Latin American communicators which was organised by IPAL and WACC last year.
They expressed their concerns in the following ‘Windhoek Declaration on Communication and Human Rights’:
Therefore, the people have the right to choose, the right to express themselves, and the right to demand accountability from those entrusted with governance.
respect of the right of the media to express critical opinions on all issues;
A recent communiqué states: ‘The Church of Christ in Zaire urges the entire political class, and particularly the present administration, to renounce the pursuit of selfish interests and to submit to the common good expressed by the will of the people’.
At the closing session, Alex Quarmyne, the UNESCO representative in Harare, expressed appreciation for the workshop.
We, the members and friends of the World Association for Christian Communication (WACC) write to express our deep concern over the recent attempts by factions of the armed forces of Venezuela to overthrow their country's democratically elected government.
We express our solidarity with you and your government at this difficult time, and congratulate your fortitude and courage in withstanding the coup attempt.
We draw your attention particularly to the conviction that all citizens have the right of freedom of information and freedom of expression, as expressed in Article 19 of the UN Charter of Human Rights, to which Venezuela is a signatory.
Such technology comes out of, expresses and is controlled by the West.
As communication between Chinese Christians and Christians from around the world has grown over the last few years, the need for a regular English language update of information on Church life in China at all levels has been expressed in many quarters.
The Association, through many workshops and seminars held over the years, has supported artists who express their Christian faith through their art.
Although advertisers, newspaper publishers, and TV and radio stations in Australia agree to voluntary codes of standards and ethics, concerns are still expressed about the way in which women are depicted.
Film is, thus, a potent medium for fostering cultural awareness among the Namibian people, and this becomes particularly important when we recognise the fact that every society expresses its soul through its culture.
Film is, thus, a potent medium for fostering cultural awareness among the Namibian people, and this becomes particularly important when we recognise the fact that every society expresses its soul through its culture.
We have established a fine, independent reputation in the region and will continue to express a world wide desire for peace through two new International camps to be sited on significant border locations.
Statutes are only one of the means by which governments can achieve their policy objectives and there are, surprisingly, relatively few things which governments can do only with the approval of Parliament as expressed in the passing of a statute.
This category includes what is sometimes called ‘sub-delegated legislation’, that is rules made by B in exercise of a power to make rules conferred by statute on A and delegated by A to B in exercise of an express or implied power to delegate.
Also, allowing representatives to initiate applications for judicial review raises the question of whether representatives ought to be allowed to intervene in applications initiated by others in order to express opposing or complementary points of view.
Express Ouster
The courts have at times taken an uncompromising attitude towards express legislative provisions designed to exclude judicial review.
We do not charge more if you pay by credit card — any Mastercard or Visa and American Express are accepted.
AMSTERDAM RAIL EXPRESS
Amsterdam Rail Express, the superb value route to Amsterdam.
AMSTERDAM AIR EXPRESS
Remember also that our star services — Amsterdam Rail Express from London and Amsterdam Air Express from London Heathrow, Stansted and Gatwick offer exceptional value with top quality service on designated services.
Travelling by Air Express — £30
Air Express includes return escorted coach transfer from airport direct to your Amsterdam hotel.
After the Anglo-French reconciliation of 1303, Edward wrote to Marie of France thanking her for her letters in which she expressed her desire for a meeting and conversation between him and her stepson, Philip the Fair.
To Hugh le Despenser on the same day, he expressed similar views and put himself at Despenser's disposal as an intermediary with Charles IV.
A common chivalric culture — expressed in tournaments,festes , and the cult of Arthurian knighthood — bound the courts of England and France together, adding a further dimension to the complex web of relationships between the two nobilities.
Beside them the crossed keys of St Peter (for the see of York) express the Church's direct concern with the affairs of secular rulers.
Such authority could not be shared with, nor alienated to anyone; the notion was already fully developed under Philip the Fair by 1294: ‘the king of France is subject to no one’, wrote Guillaume de Nogaret, expressing the doctrine which could make vassals subjects and was absolute.
Writing from Paris, Jean de Grilly expressed considerable anxiety over the pressure exerted upon Armagnac to render homage to Philip III.
As one of the earliest studies in this field expressed it:
In the electronics industry that Wild and Hill studied particularly, female turnover rates showed a high relationship with job satisfaction/dissatisfaction: many women, like many men, express a need for personally satisfying work and the failure to find it is often a reason for changing one's job.
Although the work/family distinction expresses the separation between these two spheres of life brought about by industrialization, it does not follow that one is the world of men while the other is the world of women.
For, to express warmth, to be constantly person-oriented and conciliatory, it is clearly ‘necessary’ that the housewife-wife-mother not be occupied with such highly instrumental tasks as cleaning the house, budgeting the housekeeping money, laundering the clothes, and throwing out the rubbish.
Elaine Cawthorne, another working-class housewife, expresses it splendidly:
As later chapters show, answers to the ‘Do you like housework?’ question are also related to the kind of standards and routines adopted  in housework, and to women's self-concepts as expressed in a written statement.
Working-class women are no less likely than middle-class women to express dissatisfaction with housework.
The status of daydreaming about holidays, housing and related themes as conventional ways of expressing discontent is suggested by a passage from the interview with Elizabeth Gould, an ex-fashion model.
Members of groups which have frequent time limits express significantly less pride in their work…
In the interviews housewives sometimes expressed dissatisfaction with the aids and amenities they had, and a desire to replace them with ‘better’ ones: to substitute a fitted carpet for loose rugs, a stainless steel sink for a vitreous enamel one, an inside lavatory for an outside one.
‘Guilty’, ‘worried’, ‘miserable’ and ‘depressed’are the words which women use to express their responses to a situation in which they do not get their work done ‘as it should be done’:
Moreover, slight degrees of guilt/worry/anxiety about failures to observe housework standards and routines were also expressed by some women in the low specification group.
they provide no way of measuring the salience of an attitude; we never know whether the attitude would have been expressed at all, or in the same way, apart from the direct question…
When a norm is internalized, it is part of a person, automatically expressed in behaviour, rather than regarded in a more detached way as a rule external to the self.
Following the lines laid down there, and using Bernstein's work on class and language codes, we could say that a language of explicit meaning (broadly speaking, the middle-class code) is a language in which what is expressed  is ‘a function of the psychological qualities of the person’.
Since answers to the Ten Statements Test represent, in part, expressed affiliations to the housewife role, language and subcultural norms relating to women's satisfaction with housework are likely to be important.
On 28 February, the President of the College Art Association sent a letter to the NEA chairman expressing concern with ‘allegations that a conservative staff with ties to the White House and Congress is asserting bureaucratic control of policy and process in contravention of NEA mandate’.
Taking up the case, The Wall Street Journal, which reports statements made by Jeanne's son, expressed doubts as to the rectitude of the French museum's behaviour.
A spokesman for the CAA explained that James Luna, who expressed hopes in his address to the conference that the current sensitivity to American Indian issues was more than 1990s chic, had been selected ‘to tie in with the quincentennial’.
The term Arte Povera was coined to express the idea of artists exercising the greatest possible freedom to explore, not to serve as a definition.
Of other visitors interviewed, only two schoolchildren expressed concern that the exhibition might attract the wrong kind of public.
The style of the works on show seems to have touched a chord in Canada: the art critic of the Hamilton Globe and Mail commented that the spirit of Ukrainian art was ‘similarly expressed in a regional synthesis of (or reaction against) art styles currently prominent at the creative centre.
Their statements seem to have a number of points in common: first, they tend to be expressed in inappropriate circumstances, for example , someone makes a contribution to a congress, and someone else feels compelled to make an immediate reply.
Let confrontation be passionate, but civilised; let controversial opinions be expressed with clarity, if necessary with forcefulness, but with an open mind and willingness to understand the viewpoints of others.
Obviously one does not want to get involved in discussing individual cases, but I must make one exception and express the perplexity with which I read such drastically negative judgements on Zanardi's work at Parma.
The basic and sorry fact about the grants with which Frohnmayer had so much difficulty was that they expressed not only the unity of American life, but the fissures within it.
Italy is of course the country where anything is possible, but legitimate concern has been expressed at the way in which the young Florentine judge has seen fit to take upon herself a role which properly belongs to the competent institutional authorities that of evaluating the appropriateness and the implementation of a particular restoration project.
The Tate had already expressed interest in the work.
Many have also expressed anticipatory sympathy for the Mayor of St Petersburg, Anatoliy Sobchak, who will have to send the symbol of the city, the monument to Peter I, ‘The Bronze Horseman’, to Paris, home of the sculptor Falconet, while he sends the granite base to Finland.
Concern is being expressed in British architectural conservation circles that this may open the floodgates for the network of ‘seek and find’ agents for Japanese buyers to divest Scotland and Wales in particular of many important monuments.
After studying the report, which reiterated the multitude of reservations expressed over the last few months and went on to accuse architect Dominique Perrault of having sacrificed functionalism for the sake of aesthetics, President Mitterrand accepted Perrault's design, making only the most cosmetic of changes to appease the powerful lobby against the building.
Doubts were expressed about the authorship of the early ‘St Jerome in the Wilderness’ from São Paulo although the poor condition of the surface may account for some of the picture's awkwardness.
The idea for a ‘Catherine’ exhibition was first proposed to the Hermitage by the National Geographic Society in Washington, D.C. The project lay dormant until Memphis came up with more than $6 million, and arranged co-sponsorship with Federal Express, Delta Airlines, the State of Tennessee, and Kroger Co. (a local grocery store chain).
The Victoria & Albert Museum in London had expressed some interest.
The Belgian government did everything it could to keep the works in the country: a genealogist was employed to trace distant relatives of the artist, and a new law on donations of works of art was passed, with the express purpose of encouraging his heirs to pay the death duties in kind (in which case roughly 80% of the collection would have remained in Belgium).
Its directors have expressed their enthusiasm for European integration and have established a network of contacts and agreements with other countries, setting up new types of collaboration and programmes for joint and travelling exhibitions.
Sarah Draper, Assistant Curator of Archaeology at the National Maritime Museum, Greenwich, expresses the strongest disapproval of private wreck salvage operations and ‘treasure hunters’ who make large sums of money from salvage operations.
Degenhart's thesis met with the approval of Berenson at the time, but certain Italian art historians expressed hostility.
In an interview with The Art Newspaper, President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Ainslie expressed satisfaction with the figures in a year which saw the Gulf War and a world-wide recession.
He expressed modest optimism about the Impressionist market and felt that some new collectors were emerging.
According to information from the Exchange's press centre, interest has already been expressed in this new commercial establishment by well known foreign companies such as IBM, Samsung, Pierre Cardin, Yves St Laurent, the British publishers Longmans, and also by agencies and trading representatives of various companies in Moscow.
Gaps were pinpointed which made this potentially excellent tool incomplete and hopes were fervently expressed that, as the funding from the Getty has come to an end, resources can be found to keep the system running and continued input assured.
The author has asked us to point out that it is a desire of his to see opinions of restorations expressed by speakers at conferences thrown open to the floor for immediate debate this is not the prevailing state of affairs.
He delivered a ringing First Amendment call to arms, enjoining the assembled audience of about 2,000 people to step forward from the sidelines and join him on the battlefield to protect the artist's right to express himself as he wishes, unhindered by the tastes or intrusions of the government.
Regnier was preparing an exhibition on the theme of Picasso's crucifixions, for which Bacon had often expressed his profound admiration, and the ‘Three studies for figures at the base of a Crucifixion’ will be shown there.
Experts in the field of Carolingian archaeology have expressed serious concern at the project to build a new school on the site of the abbey complex at Corbie near Amiens.
Here Jellett deserves all the admiration he expresses.
Hall also describes the conservatism of collectors in American (for example, the enthusiasm for late Rembrandt before World War I) which was catered to by the leading dealers, many of whom, including Colnaghi's, began to lag behind the more advanced taste for the Baroque that began to be expressed by museum curators.
In 1980 McDevitt and an accomplice dressed up as Federal Express employees and set out for the Hyde Collection in Glens Falls, New York.
They got stuck in a traffic jam, however, and were caught with tools and stolen Federal Express property before they could get to the works of art.
Speaking to The Art Newspaper, Mr Ray Harding, the New York attorney formerly representing Yugoslavia and now Croatia, expressed his firm conviction that Sotheby's attempt to withdraw from proceedings at the stage is premature and should not be allowed until the pre-trial discovery process has been completed.
William S. Lieberman, Curator of Twentieth-century Art at the Metropolitan, expressed complete satisfaction with the seemingly unfair split.
For this reason, the agreement concluded between the museum, the Union Centrale des Arts Décoratifs and the Union Française des Arts du Costume, expresses the desire of all parties to concentrate on thematic exhibitions, in order to avoid pressures from manufacturers and designers.
The foundation simply expressed its preference for a publisher, she says, with no talk of a quid pro quo.
Nevertheless, I think that the influence of Matisse is something which is far more elusive and may not yet have been expressed in painting.
In the light of the current debates on attribution surrounding both the paintings and drawings Martin Royalton-Kisch at the British Museum Prints and Drawings department, was pleased to note that the opinions expressed in his catalogue had generally been well-received and accepted, with less disagreement than might have been anticipated.
The highly respected veteran Academician Dimitri Likhachev sent a telegram to the discussion, expressing his feelings: if this document becomes law, he vows to leave the country for ever and would appeal to the UN or UNESCO to take control of those State museums that are no longer able to protect and preserve their museum treasures.
Sponsored by the Japanese division of American Express, a team led by the Director of the Institute of Asian Studies at Sophia University, Tokyo, have conducted a survey at Banteay Kdei temple at Angkor, while the New York-based World Monument Fund (Wmf) has examined the nearby Preah Khan monastic complex.
Alistair Clarke of Christie's furniture department expressed satisfaction that the market had held up in the light of the considerable quantity of important French furniture which has already been offered this season.
Most dealers are content but some have expressed alarm not only about the expense but the difficulty of showing large objects such as tapestries in an enclosed space and the inconveniences of artificial lighting.
The Academy has no view to express on Tibet's political autonomy, as happened in the States’.
When the organisers at Palazzo Grassi, the FIAT Foundation's Venetian exhibition space, approached the scholar Massimo Pallottino with the suggestion that he organise an exhibition on the Etruscans he expressed surprise: there have been numerous Etruscan shows in Europe since the large touring exhibition of 1955–56, the most recent being the ‘Progetto Etrusco’ in 1985 which involved the whole of Italy.
While the area had been designated a National Archaeological Reserve, he expressed fear of looting from the site.
The catalogue recalls that in 1938 Brame and Lorenceau held an exhibition of Rousseau's work which contributed to the revival of interest in that artist's work, and goes on to express the hope that eventually a museum devoted to Barbizon painting may be set up.
I tried to find a method whereby I could seize the effect of motion…how to arrest a movement in a few bold strokes, catching the passing moment and finding new forms…my goal was always to express emotion and experience with large and simple forms and clear colours’.
In the interview she expressed her enormous relief at the return of the collection built up by her husband Sheikh Nasser Sabah al-Ahmed al-Sabah since 1975 and now totalling around 20,000 items.
A National Opinion Poll survey found that of those who expressed a desire to give up smoking, over a third were very keen to stop [3].
The cigarettes, which include the brands Benson and Hedges, Player's Gold Leaf, John Player Special and State Express 555, are all destined for export.
Sports sponsorship is worth about £12mn according to the Tobacco Advisory Council (Daily Express, 17.5.91)— roughly 10% of the total received from sponsors.
The articles of agreement stipulated that gold was the official numeraire in terms of which each currency's exchange value was to be pegged, but it became common practice for countries to adopt a par value for their currencies expressed in terms of the dollar.
Often these programmes are expressed in terms of agreed monetary and financial targets to which the member country is expected to adhere.
The system was a form of gold exchange standard since all currencies were expressed in terms of the dollar and the latter was officially convertible into gold at the fixed price of $35 an ounce.
All currencies came to be expressed in terms of the dollar, and the dollar was officially convertible into gold at a fixed price.
It was extremely difficult for the USA to devalue since all currencies were expressed in terms of the dollar, and yet surplus countries were not very keen to revalue their currencies.
However, it is still common to see exchange rates expressed in terms of the dollar, partly because this had long been the accepted practice under the adjustable peg, and also because of the USA's continuing dominance in the world economy and financial system.
When currencies were allowed to float, gold was no longer the ultimate numéraire in which exchange values were expressed; indeed, discussions at the time accepted that the SDR (based on the value of national currencies from 1974) would be the numéraire in any future return to an adjustable peg system.
Or expressed another way, real exchange rates — that is nominal exchange rates adjusted for inflation differences — should remain more or less constant over time.
One writer has expressed the problem very succinctly:
Economic models are particularly useful since millions of daily transactions are carried out in the real world and so some means must be found of expressing the essential characteristics of the problem at hand.
The assumptions can be expressed as follows: However, we did point out in Chapter 1 that the above summary is an over simplified representation of the real world, not least because it ignores the existence of the government and external sectors.
This consumption relationship in its simplest form is often expressed as: where a is some constant consumption irrespective of income levels, and b is some fraction of additional income (known as the marginal propensity to consume) which would be less than 1 but greater than zero for the community as a whole.
We are now in a position to express our discussion in terms of a set of definitions: Appendix 2 to this chapter explains how the last expression can be used as a basis for illustrating the flow-of-funds accounts, with each of the bracketed expressions representing the various sectors in the economy.
Using the information and  identities of Tables 10.2 and 10.3 , we can express some of these ideas symbolically: We can rearrange this to  Since Y = E then Y-E must be equal to zero, and the propositions above follow from that identity.
The quantity theory is based on the  following relationship, which is known as the equation of exchange: As expressed here, the relationship between MV and PT constitutes a truism, or identity, as can be illustrated by an example.
We can express the above information as  In fact MV must equal PT since both measure the same set of economic transactions in two different ways: indeed we can only observe P, T , and M, so V cannot be calculated independently of the rest of the variables in the equation, as can be seen in our example.
Now if V and T are fixed, or are uninfluenced by M (i.e. V and T are independent of M), then the equation of exchange can be expressed as the quantity theory, which states that an increase/decrease in M will lead directly to an increase/ decrease in P .
Although a succession of Conservative governments since 1979 has expressed a firm belief in monetary  methods of managing the economy, with the emphasis on controlling inflation, it is fair to say that the empirical justifica-tion for much of this policy has been thin.
Another view expressed was that the stock of money per se was not of prime importance and should not be the prime target of the authorities; rather the authorities should concentrate on the liquidity of the whole system.
‘A very funny young man’The Bombay Daily Express
Singer and theatre director, Joan Mills conducts a workshop designed to extend the student's power and range in expressing the meaning and value of both spoken and sung text.
Artists express in their own way what they feel is saintly, what is sinful
Express coach services throughout the day.
Express coach services throughout the day.
The views expressed by contributors are not necessarily those of the University or the Editorial team.
Early sensitisation to bovine serum albumin through bottle feeding in infancy leaves memory T cells which destroy β cells expressing p 69.
This species barrier has recently been investigated by using transgeneic mice expressing the gene for hamster PrP.
These two antibodies recognise epitopes on the core protein of the same high molecular weight glycoprotein (sometimes called epithelial membrane antigen and recently called polymorphic epithelial mucin), which is normally expressed by exocrine gland cells and a wide range of adenocarcinomas.
NCRC-11 has a smaller coding region and it is therefore more likely to be expressed in other cancers.
Birth weight was expressed in centiles derived from the standards of Tanner and Thomson.
β cell function and insulin sensitivity are expressed as centile groups defined relative to a non-diabetic population aged below 35 years and weighing less than 115% of ideal weight.
Variables are expressed as mean (SD) or as median and interquartile range.
Birthweight data are expressed according to centile groups from these standards.
Students due to enter the school that year had already been asked to volunteer for the parallel track, so two cohorts existed — those who had expressed a preference for the new approach and those who had not.
These concerns have been expressed to the secretary of state, the chief medical officer, and the chief executive of the NHS collectively and independently, and the colleges have indicated their willingness — indeed, their wish — to work with the administration to address both the immediate issues (as a matter of urgency) and long term issues.
Michael Innes's analysis of one of his characters, a creator of best-selling crime novels, expressed this view by implication:
The attitude of Patullo, a conventional, observant, middle-class intellectual, is a familiar one, and so is his ambiguous attitude to this kind of reading, expressed in a later comment on the unexpected heroism of the man he had regarded with a certain scorn:
The broad-minded opinions and solid common sense of this robust story-teller are expressed sometimes in dialogue in which officers (and, interestingly, sometimes officers and men) exchange views on slave-trading, naval punishments, privateering, or discuss the attributes of a good or a bad captain.
As editor of The Colonial Magazine, Kingston's Magazine and The Union Jack (the last-named started in 1880, the year of his death, and taken over by Henty), Kingston could claim all the space he needed to express his views on the importance of colonisation and use the experience he gained from working for the Colonial Land and Emigration Board.
Isabelle Jan surmised that the lack of ‘the essential emotional outlet of erotic passion’ in children's literature led to ‘more or less disguised and distorted substitutes for adult love’but goes on to point out that passionate feeling can be, and is, expressed strongly in family relationships.
A remarkable film of 1955,Rebel without a Cause , claimed as ‘new realism’ when it was first screened, showed delinquent boys and girls in the mid-teens proving their worth in ‘chicken’contests whose violence, distorted as it is by social pressures, does express a genuine personal pride: the dares and challenges of the groups of Hell's Angels today, leading to criminal actions, have a distant debased origin in the concept of honour.
Anthony Hope's detachment meant that his story could be free from contemporary political overtones: if he was expressing any apprehensions about the state of Europe, they were not visible in his books as they are in Erskine Childers's thriller,The Riddle of the Sands , or in Buchan's ‘Ruritanian’ novels.
Dornford Yates expressed his idea of honour in a tone of heightened sentiment and suggested sexuality, an obverse perhaps of the permissiveness of that post-war society.
Buchan chose to express it indirectly through the musings of the young Russian princess Saskia:
The groups in Evallonia — the supporters of the romantic Prince John, the Juventus league of disaffected youth and its leader, the dashing Countess Araminta Troyos, the sinister Mastrovin and his anarchic associates — serve almost too obviously to express once more Buchan's fears for the post-war world of the 1920s and after.
In 1938 Leo Amery expressed it in this way: ‘when we are faced with the competition of a people who lay stress on the healthy development of their young manhood and womanhood, how can we afford a situation in which something like twenty-five per cent of the children of our country are growing up under-nourished and likely to belong to the C3 rather than the A1 type when they grow up.
On the other hand, Angela Phillips and Ruth Wallsgrove (writing as individuals but expressing views many feminists share) reply:
Scholars have expressed grave reservations concerning the fact that the field of regulation in general has been ‘shamefully neglected’, not only in terms of interdisciplinary analysis, but also in terms of traditional legal scholarship.
The recent changes in the structure of the UK's market operations have added to this, with concern being expressed at all levels about the ability of market operators to deal with abuse.
While concerns have, from time to time, been expressed over the feasibility of a model which mixes commercial banking with the traditionally riskier investment banking, German fears have been allayed without recourse to anti-insider dealing legislation or the development of a sophisticated statute-backed Chinese Wall network.
It is interesting to note that in the US, Congress has expressed an overriding concern for fairness in the securities markets.
The view expressed here is that it is impossible to quantify either the costs or benefits of insider dealing in any meaningful sense.
The view expressed here is that the punishment of those found guilty of insider dealing ought to be sufficient to act as a general deterrent for others who have access to inside information, so as to further reduce the incentive to indulge in the practice of insider dealing.
Some commentators have expressed concern over the nature of this defence, fearing that, if it is construed broadly, it could endanger the whole efficacy of the Act.
For example, if one arm of a conglomerate offering financial advice to a client acquires, whether directly or indirectly, inside information from that client and, without that client's express or implied consent, deals on it, or relays it to others who deal on it, the conglomerate is potentially liable for an action brought by the client for breach of confidence.
An obligation of confidence can arise through contract, either express or implied.
Notwithstanding this limitation, the powers contained in the section do not restrict any other express or implied rights of action.
Before the onset of the 1939 — 45 world war little concern had been expressed about the rapid decline in fertility in Britain and the consequent ageing of the population.
This simply expresses the total number of deaths per 1000 total population.
Expressed in percentage terms the largest increases in life expectancy are illustrated by very elderly women.
When expressed as a rate there is a continuous increase in disability with age.
Given the ageing of the population considerable interest has been expressed in identifying the number of elderly in the future who will experience this condition.
This expresses weight in kilograms divided by height in metres squared (W/H&sup2;).
However, concerns are expressed about the waiting times for elective surgery and out-patients and a perceived need for more medical and nursing staff.
Overall it appears that the very oldest age group, those aged 75 +, express the least criticism of the services provided.
There are few who express complaints with the quality of care offered.
Few appear to express problems in the system of changing GPs.
For those who expressed interest in institutional care there was no clear statement in favour of either public or private care, although the geriatric hospital was unambiguously the least favoured option.
CITALIAN EXPRESS
Our Citalian Express has proved an extremely popular success.
Reductions are available throughout the season on all departures by air, car, Citalian Express and cruise holidays.
SAVE EVEN MORE ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS
The quotation's from the jacket blurb of the English translation of Kurt Diemberger's book about the role of K2 in his and Julie Tullis's life, and for all the imprecision of the grammatical structures by which it's expressed here, it's an idea I can willingly accept.
The views expressed have not always been my own, but rather a collection of disparate angles on the topic, as the reader may have noticed.
I express an interest and Gordon launches into a detailed and exhausting explanation of its functions and the quality of the investment he's made.
He moves onto a review he's just read of his book Eyes To The Hills , considers in detail the argument it follows and expresses frustration that his rigorous intellectual approach has been mistaken for pretension .
The plans by M-1 Great Britain Ltd to mine on the Corbetts of Faragon Hill and Meall Rairneachan have attracted objections from local people, the MCofS, the Scottish Scenic Trust and the Countryside Commission for Scotland (now Scottish Natural Heritage), while the RSPB and Historic Scotland have expressed reservations.
Her dramatic assertion may have been wish fulfilment , a hyperbolic statement expressing her real desires, but with such an unstable outlook we couldn't take any chances: publication was brought forward to June.
She weighed 71b 12oz and while her father expressed his delight at a ‘perfect physical specimen’ there was no hiding the sense of anticlimax, if not downright disappointment, in the family that the new arrival was not the longed-for male heir who would carry on the Spencer name.
The Spencer qualities of quiet public service, the values of noblesse oblige were well expressed in their service to the Sovereign.
West Heath encouraged ‘good citizenship’ by the girls, these ideas expressed in visits to the old, the sick and the mentally handicapped.
Binges tend to be secret, sometimes  pre-planned and are often followed by strong mood swings expressed as guilt, depression, self-hate and even suicidal behaviour.
Yet there is rage beneath the sunny smile, anger which sufferers are afraid to express.
But there is unhappiness underneath because they are frightened to express their anger.’
Had we had her account available our guess is that it would have been expressed in such a way as to suggest a quite different kind of story, where personal rather than biological matters were at issue.
Sometimes a wave can express gratitude as successfully as saying ‘Thanks’.
However, the accounts do reveal the operation of a different form of response in these instances, expressed in what we have called a principle of equilibration.
Although they expressed a great liking for the friendly, relaxed atmosphere of their school, they were, nevertheless, critical that it was often too lax.
But, as we shall see, the richness of the soccer social world provides for commitments to be expressed in many different ways.
The chant ‘There's gonna be a Nasty Accident’probably expresses a similar sentiment.
Many of the Novices also expressed an ambition of ‘getting in’ with a particular group of individuals in the Rowdies group.
A little of the architecture, particularly the gable ends of some buildings, express Dutch influence.
No other restaurant in Britain, says the good Food Guide ‘so clearly in its cooking, wine cellar, prices and philosophy’ expresses the Guide's ideals.
Here I am admitting that all the clichés of parenthood are so accurate it's no wonder that the only people who try to express them in the open are Hollywood film makers.
The 10% of our sample who cohabit outside marriage are more interested in money than other groups and express a high interest in their partner.
These men tend to be more confident that they can make their desires known to their partners, whereas those who didn't enjoy their introduction to sex are among the most likely to say that they can't express what they want.
Chloe, nine, Leo, seven, and Greg, four, are all keen followers of their father's career, so how would he react if one of them expressed a wish to take the wheel?
The first author I cam across who expressed the sense of class displacement that ensued was John Osborne (who, it seems to me now, exemplifies all the contempt and self-aggrandizing arrogance that can befall the ‘scholarship boy’).
Sales Express, a firm of computerized auctioneers, has experienced unparalleled growth of late as the marketplace has become flooded with goods from companies that have gone into receivership.
She was disapproving of my job and of the person I was, and she never really expressed any real affection or love.
The full personality of these brandies is expressed by single distillation — full, spicy and packed with flavours of plum, vanilla and chocolate.
John Bowys MP expressed support, as did his research assistant, Mark Worthington.
We very rarely seem to enjoy it, and the pleasure of victory expresses itself mainly as relief from the self-loathing of defeat.)
‘The family,’ she said, ‘had difficulties expressing the need to be loved.’
The Express Traveller by Michael Shanahan
Discussing the case of a headmaster who had reported his pupils to the police for criminal behaviour, the Philosopher, who was female, expressed the opinion that, since the headmaster is in loco parentis , he should have tried to avoid resort to law; he should have dealt with his pupils himself, privately and without publicity — as would, she suggested, a loving parent.
The Taxman expressed moral outrage at such a suggestion, declared that this was not his conception of the implications of being in loco parentis , and said that he, as a parent and husband, would have no hesitation in reporting  the criminal actions of his child or indeed his wife, particularly if he saw no sign of either remorse or an intention to reform.
At this point, the Taxman's wife expressed moral outrage at the discovery that her husband would, without compunction, report her misdeeds, or those of her daughter, to the authorities, and the Philosopher was left with a sense of having stumbled upon a set of basic moral presumptions which are held in common by one sex, and entirely inverted in the case of the other — a looking-glass reversal of priorities and values.
The sentiment was expressed many times over, but it is succinctly put in the following lines by R. E. Vernede, who was killed in action in 1917:
For instance, if clitorectomy often known as female circumcision — is a ‘moral’ requirement to serve male interests, it is nevertheless women who carry out, maintain and insist upon the practice, and it is women who express their moral offence if it is not carried out.
But the horror which writers such as Dickens expressed at the cruelty of his times was prompted by no such knowledge.
They have led, for example, to a focus on appearance and ‘style’, and the way in which these may ‘express’ one's individuality, that is historically novel.
Feminists too, of course, have used style of dress and demeanour to express a sense of self and of political commitment.
Assuming that your American Express Gold Card will not quite meet the difference between your cash resources and the cost of the aircraft, then it is necessary to borrow the money — and repay it.
The importance of the notion of the ‘epic poet’ is the stress which it puts on an active, creative person who expresses his dreams in verbal form.
The distorted modes of communication which the individual has set up within himself, and between self and the outside world, as a result of fearing to express in public form certain wishes and impulses of an infantile polymorphously perverse character, can be unravelled with the analyst's help.
In tradition, the projective contents of wish fantasies expressing defended-against intentions, have been deposited.
They learned to feel affection, but not to express sensual love, towards women they esteemed highly, in the first instance, in the relationship with their mother.
Such points miss the remarks Freud makes about the need for females to have more freedom to express and explore their sexuality, both as children and as young adults.
The common culture which Parsons postulated has three  types of symbolism:(a) evaluative symbols which express moral standards;(b) cognitive symbols which give an account of what there is in the natural and social world; and (c) cathectic symbols, which define appropriate feelings about objects.
Identification among the members of a crowd, or group, leads to demands for all to be equal; given the numbers involved, it is not possible for particular individuals to be the favourite, so a reaction-formation grows up, expressed as a group demand for social justice and equality.
These are ‘really’ expressions of their unconscious hostility to the dead person, hostility which cannot be expressed, especially after the death.
The ambivalence which is being expressed on such occasions is caused by the fact that, emotionally, the animal is a surrogate for the father, loved and feared, hated and killed.
It is a borderland concept between the mental and the physical, and Freud wants to express this when he speaks of an instinct arising as an impulse within the organism, not as a stimulus from without.
This replacement of the pleasure principle by the reality principle is expressed in mythic form in religious notions of rewards in an afterlife for the instinctual renunciations of this life.
Hence the new postulate in psychoanalytic theory: that there must be an underlying biological instinct which expressed itself in mental life as a compulsion to repeat unpleasant experiences.
In this way we obtain a series, a small but an interesting one: the Nirvana -principle expresses the tendency of the death instincts; the pleasure -principle represents the claims of the libido and that modification of it, the reality-principle, the influence of the outer world.
Now that Spain is emerging as a more exciting holiday destination, it has acquired its own version of the Orient Express — the Al Andalus.
We met in 1963 when I was working on the Daily Express's William Hickey column, and Peter was writing on the Sunday Express .
I suppose we've been rivals in the past, when I had my column on the Daily Mail and he had his on the Daily Express , but we've been rivals in the friendliest of terms.
A row is simply expressing your own point of view forcefully, so it's no wonder that most families row more than usual at Christmas, the season of peace, goodwill — and a considerable degree of stress.
On the other hand, it's certainly better to row than to use sarcasm, or to deny your feelings verbally, but express them in your body language.
The second time, she's expressing the same two sentiments over some other shambling case of physical dereliction, while I'm left panting on an immobile bicycle and I never go back.
In addition they recommended the creation of community councils ‘to express the voice of a neighbourhood’(Wheatley 1969:206).
1 he Act states ‘…the general purpose of a community council shall be to ascertain, co-ordinate and express to the local authorities for its area, and to public authorities, the views of the community which it represents…and to take such action in the interests of that community as appears to it to be expedient and practicable’(Section 51(2)).
They expressed their ‘dissatisfaction…with the restricted powers available to them as a result of local government reorganisation.
The principles of scientific management expressed through the adoption of corporate planning in local authorities are sometimes criticised for placing too much power in the hands of the full-time officers, and hence reducing the importance of the role of the elected councillors in policy-making.
Having arrived at a suitable total for local authority expenditure, the next problem is how to express it in a way that allows comparisons to be made either with other contemporary expenditures or with local authority expenditure over time.
This effect can be removed by expressing the expenditure in constant prices by statistical manipulation with an appropriate price index — the choice of which is itself a sensitive issue — but even such sophistication does not allow comparisons with what is happening in the rest of the economy.
The usual solution to this problem is to express local authority expenditure as a proportion of the gross national product (GNP), that is, the total value of the output of goods and services produced within the country, together with the net property income from abroad.
The rate is then expressed as a  poundage on the rateable value.
The rates were incapable of bearing the burden in their view and they expressed cautious support for a local income tax.
Policy advocates are concerned with running the city as a whole in line with policy preferences expressed, for example, in a party manifesto.
These effects may express themselves differentially locally depending on the size of the city, but they are essentially national in character and reduce the influence attributable to local factors (Newton 1976a:17).
The Editor does not necessarily agree with any views expressed in letters printed, and reserves the right to edit correspondence where necessary.
The singer is expected to be able to realize and express the emotional and spiritual implications of what he is singing.
I wish to express my gratitude to Simon Rattle and his remarkable orchestra in Birmingham for providing what has been a wonderful new musical experience for me.
I am writing to express one of my more marked irritations with the marketing practices of recording companies in publishing various CD editions.
But that's just the point — it's dismal and bleak and they're frozen stiff, hoping to catch Ramirez in the stake- out and barely able to express anything, but what they do express is infinitely lugubrious and despondent.
That was why Gergiev candidly expressed dissatisfaction with the state of affairs the following evening.
Schoenberg's atonal phrases need to be expressed and caressed as much as those of Brahms.
45757:More lacerating intensity in Francesca da Rimini , where no one can deny its appropriateness — it's the kind of performance which makes you feel that nobody is entitled to express an opinion of the music until they have hear it.
The underlying programme is indeed desperate — it was in response to the death of a beloved daughter — but the despair is the more powerfully expressed for being contained.
With the best will in the world a bassoon cannot begin to express itself in the same terms as a viola da gamba and when two of the three melodic parts are conceived for strings a precious dimension is lost by substituting woodwind.
The poems, perhaps by Albert himself, express intimations of mortality and reflect the intensified anguish and heightened awareness of life's transitoriness caused by the Thirty Years' War.
Each song is felt as a miniature music-drama, a perfect summation in notes of the terrors of the heart, the loneliness of the mind as expressed by Rellstab, even more Heine.
Originally, the abridged talk in Davis's recording had seemed to be a sensible compromise, yet looking back I can see that it had something to do with the partial dissatisfaction expressed in my review of the reissue: ‘the total effect is more of a divertissement than of opéra-comique ’.
A conundrum, even for Nell: ‘Men who wish their sexuality, or any aspect of their maleness, to be expressed…can hardly go to the P.D.s!
She doesn't just carry a tune, she sends it by express mail and it seems to reach your spine long before your ears.
The book is also universally regarded as McGahern's masterpiece, a view probably best expressed by playwright Tom Kilroy who described ‘Amongst Women’ as ‘one of the most significant achievements in Irish fiction’and suggested that McGahern ‘is obviously writing at the fullness of his power.’
So you could relate positivity to achievement and see what you have access to that might express that.
All three express an interest in opera and a disdain for top forty pop.
A shy man who finds his refuge in self-deprecating humour, Hennessy is an astute observer of life's peculiarities, whether it be in reference to teenage lust as expressed in the subtext of ‘Messenger Boy’, or the immorality of war and its consequences, outlined as beautifully in ‘Army Man’.
There's a strange, almost forced intimacy that can be a burden when it's so much harder to surprise that same audience and, in Katell's case, it seems to express itself in a cheery whimsy that masks insecurity.
There are now over twenty Visa cards on offer — all with different terms and conditions, twelve Mastercards, not to mention some seventeen gold cards (which may be either a charge card like American Express or Diners Club, or a credit card).
Many of them such as the American Express Gold Card and the NatWest Mastercard are charge cards, not credit cards.
He also loves ‘words which go beyond words’— the poetry of Baudelaire, Rimbaud, Novalis, Keats — for he feels that no human language could ever be so rich as to express perfectly all that he feels.
One reason why students don't do as well as they should at A level is that they can't express themselves.
It is Christian Lacroix who seems most acutely to express the spirit of the age.
He expressed his admiration for the educational efficiency of the Jesuits and politely renounced his allegiance to their church.
But from this point the admiration which Joyce had expressed for the natural Conservative who upheld Anglo-Saxon tradition and supremacy gave way, in other members of the BUF, to a less critical admiration of the leaders of European Fascism.
. Whatever opinions may be entertained concerning Mosley and his movement, there could be no graver stigma on the so-called freedom of expression said to prevail in Britain than that a body of Englishmen should be prevented from expressing their views by an Oriental confectioner.
I ventured to express exactly the opposite opinion and was stared at as if I were a hawker of ladies’ underwear who had accidentally strayed into a monastery.’
As early as 14 September 1939, Jonas Barrington in the Daily Express described this voice that called from Germany, though in the first instance it probably belonged to Norman Baillie-Stewart: ‘He speaks English of the haw-haw, dammit-get-out-of-my-way-variety, and his strong suit is gentlemanly indignation.’
With reference to treatment involving the prescribing of other drugs, the majority of respondents expressed concern about the addictive nature of the drugs themselves.
Similarly, the special relationship between Thatcher and Reagan was a meeting of ideologies, which in turn expressed congruent interests within a larger system of forces.
These views were expressed most succinctly by US President Woodrow Wilson, in his famous Fourteen Points proposal of January 1918.
Although we have tried to express these scientific impulses fairly, we hereby give notice that we intend to question them in later chapters.
But the symbol is meaningless on occasions when no one in fact feels what it expresses.
(The Daily Express, 6 July 1981)
‘Over the past twenty years or so’, he announced in a Daily Express front-page splash, ‘there has been a revulsion from authority and discipline…
In the following year the public were lectured from the courts on the duties of parenthood when, expressing himself ‘perfectly satisfied that these crimes can be traced to neglect of parents’, the Recorder of  Bradford struck the familiar harmonies of discontent: ‘Parents of this time, unfortunately, do not take sufficient care in bringing up their children.
‘A never-never land of material values expressed in terms of gorgeous living, a plethora of high-powered cars and revolvers’, as A. E. Morgan described it in 1939, ‘of unbridled desire, of love crudely sentimental or fleshly, of vast possessions, of ruthless acquisition, of reckless violence’.
Or, to strike another chord of apprehension, as expressed in the Report of the Prison Commissioners for 1907–8: ‘He drifts, and the tidy scholar soon becomes a ragged and defiant corner loafer.’
There were also many more limited ventures such as Pearson's Fresh Air Fund, established in 1896 by Arthur Pearson, the founder of The Daily Express , to provide country holidays for city children, and this was itself among the inspirations for the fresh air philosophies of Baden-Powell's Boy Scouts launched in 1908.
A report by Robert Blatchford of a visit to a Music Hall in the ‘Gay Nineties’ offered a vivid portrait of how these feelings expressed themselves in everyday life.
Raphael Samuels has also reported an instance of a suspected police informer in the East End who was visited by a mob who expressed their displeasure by burning effigies .
Important, too, although not always easy to evaluate, is the evidence which we may call literary, not merely the chronicles, but rather the tracts, pamphlets, newsletters and even poetry through which people expressed their ideas and views, as well as their emotions, on contemporary issues and problems, which might be the need for government to be better managed, hope of peace, or the criteria according to which society's military leaders should be chosen.
How that consciousness should be studied, what forms it took, how it expressed itself, are questions which those who study the subject, at whatever period, must be ready to answer.
In the late Middle Ages, symbolism was widely used to express a feeling of belonging to a people; likewise institutions, such as monarchy, played an important part in creating a sense of national identity; while the writing of history was deliberately fostered to encourage a feeling which the single word ‘roots’ will convey to a twentieth-century reader.
In the case of the Hundred Years War, the causes of the conflict were to be found both in the long historic links between England and France, links which were gradually becoming weaker, and in the need to express in new terms the relationship between the two countries (arguably the two most powerful in western society in the late Middle Ages) taking into account elements such as national consciousness and diverging methods of government (to name but two) which historians recognise as being characteristic of late medieval European society as a whole.
While the differences between the crown of France and its vassals were expressed in a language which was essentially feudal (a new political vocabulary more suited to developments had not yet evolved), what was really happening was something remarkably ‘modern’, the laying of the foundations of a national state under one monarch whose territorial authority could only be effectively exercised through annexation or conquest.
As a result, England now had its own foothold upon France's northern coast through which trade and armies might enter; or, as the emperor-elect, Sigismund, was to express it in the next century, a second eye to match the other, Dover, in guarding the straits.
In England the criticism of continued military activity by John Wyclif, the opposition to war expressed by men of Lollard sympathies such as William Swynderby, the lassitude provoked by so many years of conflict, mirrored in some of the works of Geoffrey Chaucer and John Gower, are indicative both of people's reflection regarding the morality of war and the ways in which it was being fought, and of the apparent futility of allowing it to continue along its present drift, no real advantage accruing to either side in spite of the great cost, both human and financial, to all.
As far back as the late fourth century two men had expressed the view that war should be fought in order to bring about peace and order.
The words used by Froissart to express his aim in writing his great chronicle, ‘that the honourable enterprises, noble adventures and deeds of arms which took place during the wars waged by France and England should be fittingly related and preserved for posterity’, fit admirably into the pattern of thought and practice which regarded war as a noble way of life.
The author's indignation was expressed ironically.
In reality, it was part of a wider problem, perhaps best expressed in the Quadrilogue invectif of the Norman, Alain Chartier, written in 1422 when his homeland had been overrun by the English.
Such a doctrine would be formally expressed late in the fifteenth century by Philippe de Commynes who displayed an unheroic attitude to war and a marked preference for diplomacy.
In England, as has been shown, both Edward III and Richard II reacted to mercantile opinion expressed in Parliament by impressing large numbers of ships for purposes of defence, such fleets at times employing almost as many soldiers at sea as did field armies on land, all at great expense.
It expresses the resolve of a social group to maintain or change a particular way of life, and to act in accordance with certain ideals.
Market capacity generates its own effects which are expressed in terms of different material rewards, conditions of work, health, housing, and education.
These dry figures express a dramatic and significant social change.
She responded, but almost as if I wasn't there, so I did a few gestures in front of her face — Signalman Flagging Down Runaway Express, sort of thing — and she briefly focused on me and laughed and then went back into her secret nuptial sett.
And the pathetic way he expressed himself.
Ebenezer Howard's ‘garden city’ movement was one man's attempt to express the desire for a more suburban type of existence, although this was only ever fully developed in Welwyn Garden City and Letchworth.
The Total Fertility Rate (TFR) is a useful way of expressing movements in current fertility (figure 4.1).
The end of this demographic spike (smaller than that which followed the end of the First World War) brought a renewal of anxiety, expressed in the Royal Commission's Report (1949), lest renewed low fertility should revive the threat of population decline.
Victorian eugenists and biometricians such as Francis Galton and Karl Pearson expressed concern about higher working-class fertility and its supposed consequences for social welfare and national average ability.
In 1976, Australia, Canada, Fiji, New Zealand, Sri Lanka and Trinidad and Tobago expressed themselves, in response to a Questionnaire circulated by the Commonwealth Secretariat, as parties to the Conventions listed in the Table except that with Israel.
That particular proposal was of interest only to the limited number of countries which have huissiers de justice , which prompted Professor Graveson when the issue was discussed in 1960 to express the traditional preference of the British Government for bilateral conventions, but the topic attracted more general interest and it was decided to re-examine the whole range of possibilities.
This whole matter was destined to create much controversy and is addressed further below, but it is necessary here to note that the problem was of concern to the Rapporteur, Mr. Taborda Ferreira of Portugal, who expressed his anxieties in his commentary on the preliminary draft.
The United Kingdom, in its observations on the preliminary draft, expressed the hope that the Convention would not apply at all in cases in which the address of the person on whom documents were to be served was unknown; it was unhappy about the possible effect of what was to become Article 15 in such cases and more generally felt that the provisions of the Convention were not apt where the address was unknown.
The express exclusion of this case from the scope of the Convention leaves the Contracting States free to make whatever provision they judge appropriate, for example the use of substituted service in English law.
It is unfortunate that the United States Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, while expressing authorising service in a manner prescribed by the law of the foreign country, contains no provision corresponding to that in the English Rules of the Supreme Court that nothing in the Rules authorises or requires the doing in a foreign country of anything contrary to the law of that country; the issue is referred to merely in the official commentary of the Advisory Committee and then only as affecting the chances of the recognition and enforcement in the foreign country of a judgment obtained in the United States.
This is expressed in Article 12 of the Convention which is an adaptation to meet the new range of modes of service of corresponding provisions in the 1954 Convention.
In one there is something which can almost be regarded as ‘submission to service’: the registration of an address for service, the express appointment of an agent, the ‘election of domicile’ at a lawyer's office.
The first was the narrow perception of letters rogatory as ‘exclusively limited by understanding and in practice’ to requests for the taking of evidence; their use in the context of service of process he described as ‘novel’, one requiring express statutory authority.
In addition, the convention contains an express provision allowing a state of destination to refuse to execute a letter rogatory that is manifestly contrary to public policy (ordre public ) 224.
The court recognised that it did have a discretion under the Rules of the Supreme Court to allow service to stand despite the failure to comply with the relevant Rules, but declined to do so on the facts; it would take ‘a very strong case’, for example express representation by the defendant that the method of service adopted was lawful, before the discretion would be exercised.
Where official assistance is sought, a translation of the writ into the official language of the state of destination is required (even in those cases where the Hague Convention imposes no such requirement), unless the writ is to be served by a British consular authority on a British subject and no relevant bilateral Convention imposes an express translation requirement.
Customs and Excise Commissioners , Lord Denning M.R. expressed the view that it would be ‘intolerable if an innocent person — without any interest in a case — were to be subjected to an action…simply to get papers or information out of him.
However, in the House of Lords Lord Kilbrandon expressed grave doubts about the wisdom of the ‘mere witness’ rule: ‘Why should A be bound to disclose to B the information which he must have before he can sue C if, and only if, B could, if he wishes, also have sued A, although he has no intention of so doing?
Hoffman J. expressed the view that discovery under the principle in Norwich Pharmacal Co .
Goulding J. made it clear that he was not expressing, on an ex parte application, any decided view of the jurisdictional issue, though he accepted that where orders in personam were concerned it was enough that the court should have the party who must obey its order within its power.
Some protection is afforded by the practice of requiring the plaintiff to give an express undertaking not to use the information obtained without first seeking the leave of the court, and it was held in Tate Access Floors Inc .
Boswell that even in the absence of an express undertaking the implied undertaking against using information for an improper or collateral purpose could be relied upon to the same effect.
Perhaps the neatest way of expressing the distinction is to contrast unilateral and cooperative procedures.
Nothing is said about cross-examination, not even a request for the facility to be afforded if it would be compatible with foreign procedures; no detail is given as to the manner in which the evidence is to be ‘reduced into writing’, so that, for example , no preference is expressed for a verbatim transcript rather than a summary minute prepared by the foreign judge.
The general opinion amongst Central Authorities is that a request should not be rejected on this ground; and this appears to accord with the views expressed in the House of Lords in the Westinghouse case.
The discussion was not conclusive but views were expressed that, while there was no such obligation on the Central Authority, if it felt that good grounds existed for an appeal, it could properly act.
As the text emerged from the drafting committee, the English text, but not the French text, of Article 1 made express reference to ‘discovery’; a request was not to be used for the purpose of obtaining discovery between the parties before the trial.
This last provision, part of the United Kingdom's ‘blocking statute’, builds upon the opinions in the House of Lords in the Westinghouse case, where the Attorney-General intervened to express the policy of the Government against the recognition of investigatory orders made in the United States against United Kingdom companies.
The discretion was for the District Courts to exercise, but they were urged to be sensitive to the interests expressed in the Convention.
Punch itself laboured the irony: ‘We understand that a survey has already been made and that many of the inhabitants along the line have expressed their readiness to place their coal cellars at the disposal of the company.
Position papers continued to be drafted in the State Department in 1944–45 with preference being expressed for a unified administration in Korea as part of the trusteeship rather than the creation of military zones.
The Soviet Monitor , circulated by the Tass agency, issued a special bulletin on 25 July expressing the Soviet view of the failure of the talks.
The Soviet delegation strove and is striving to achieve on the basis of the Moscow decision, the speediest creation of a truly democratic Government in Korea expressing the will of the Korean people and capable of defending its interest.
Four days later a statement emanating from the State Department expressed confidence in General Hodge and affirmed the American objective in Korea as the attainment of a free, united, sovereign nation with a democratic form of government reflecting the will of the Korean people.
The people of North Korea were happy and contented; the people of South Korea in reality supported the north but were prevented by the Americans and Rhee's cronies from expressing their real opinions.
Chang expressed the hope that the American defence line in the Far East could be extended to include South Korea.
The Japanese colonial empire was swiftly dismantled even though some regrets were later to be expressed at the Japanese departure from Korea and Taiwan.
Not surprisingly the substantial economic burdens of administering Japan fell heavily on American shoulders; it was not long before economy-minded members of Congress began to express doubts about economic policy in Japan.
Simultaneously MacArthur expressed his views publicly in an interview with the British correspondent, G. Ward Price, which appeared in the Daily Mail on 2 March.
Shortly afterwards the Chinese communist press issued a statement supporting the views expressed by the Soviet Union.
When Huston expressed doubts over the extent to which a Russian promise would be respected, ‘he remarked that the Soviets might indeed be difficult to deal with, but in his experience he had found that the Soviet Government always endeavoured to keep its plighted word’.
Eichelberger thus expressed precisely the apprehensions of the Japanese government.
When asked about the attitude of the Pentagon, MacArthur dismissed the ‘illogical and half-baked’ views expressed by the ‘military’specialists there.
Truman was initially less enthusiastic over the appointment owing to criticisms expressed by Dulles in the previous campaign in New York state.
In his welcome the Chairman expressed the Institution's great pleasure at having its President, His Royal Highness The Duke of Kent, present to make the awards.
Near-unanimous support was expressed for increasing current subscription rates, especially in the light of 50% inflation since the last increases in 1986.
Caution was therefore urged that the lowest subscription be kept around £10–15, an acceptable rise to all those who expressed an opinion.
Peter Wilsher is assistant editor , Sunday Express
A number of clergy have expressed high regard for their contribution to the provision of homes, stipends and index-linked pensions.
Livermore explains that under IBM's Speak Up programme, every employee has the right to express concern anonymously to the top of the company, which has to answer quickly.
Chamberlain, however, expresses a widely held view that ‘some prices will probably go back up’, in the longer term if not immediately.
There were questions about the durability of the logotype over passing years — and questions, too, over whether it properly expressed BT's international ambitions.
Chris Blackhurst is City editor of the Sunday Express
Here most such movements appear to be reactions against the centralisation of state, economic or cultural power, against bureaucratisation, or else they express various other local or sectional discontents capable of being wrapped in coloured banners.
Nevertheless, the most striking thing about the new agitations of political nationalism in Western countries is their instability and impermanence, compared with the strength and stability of the sentiments of national identity they claim to express.
Another development of the 1980s, which is relevant to the fortunes of institutions such as the ICA, is the disappearance of what was once called the ‘avant-garde’ has tended to conclude that it always was distinguishable from ‘modern’or ‘modernist’, and that its key feature was political affiliation, generally expressed as strategies of negation and opposition.
Apart from the reference to Napoleon, the above quotation, to judge from the letters and verbal declarations we received, might have expressed, almost verbatim, the reaction of a contemporary reader to The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail when it was published in 1982.
Few expressed any hostility to the conclusions in our book.
As part of our Student Service, we will issue with a voucher to claim a FREE Student Coach Card (normal cost £4.25) from National Express and Scottish Citylink.
A depressing number of British and US publishers turned it down — most of them warm in their praise of the book, but expressing doubt as to whether the political climate in Britain and the USA was right for its content.
More modern, historically accurate accounts of SBS activities are available; but they lack the colour of this first-hand view, expressed in many humorous turns of phrases — albeit with a tinge of bitterness with regard to operations on mainland Greece and the Istrian Peninsula, where partisans demonstrated their fickle tendencies.
Robert Altman's M*A*S*H* (1970) was ostensibly set during the Korean War but, with its overt anti-authoritarianism, anarchic humour and visceral horror, was expressing aversion towards the Vietnam War.
Before 1945 the overall unifying entity was the nation as expressed in the ‘family state’ to which all belonged.
From the late sixteenth century the size of a domain was expressed in terms of the rice production it could command, and this assessment was made in terms of koku .
That evening we left Fort St Nogent on a coach for the Gare de Lyons where we embarked for the south of France on an overnight express.
Unless Council has a change of heart, however, and both publishes details of the results of the consultation and properly addresses the legitimate concerns expressed, it may find the changes fail to win the backing of the people who matter — the nurses themselves.
It is important to allow birth parents' to express their feelings and not to maintain a ‘conspiracy of silence’ because it is a difficult situation .
Allowing birth parents to express their emotions can be an important part of confronting their grief.
The presence of significant amounts of haemoglobin F has a protective effect against sickling and such individuals express relatively mild disease.
‘Give me sons or I shall die,’ said Leah to Jacob (Genesis 30: 6), expressing the anguish suffered by many people on learning they may not be able to have children.
Both expressed an interest in the survey and, without preconditions, supplied 100 tape measures and 100 plastic rulers.
Considerable concern was expressed, for example by R. H. Tawney, about the numbers of boys going from school into unskilled jobs with little prospect of advancement, from which they might be dismissed when they became old enough to qualify for higher adult earnings.
They faced, however, opposition from doctors expressed by their professional body, the British Medical Association.
The Conservative leaders expressed their preference for contributory pensions but did not restrain many of their backbenchers from voting for it.
All ideas, however absurd, should be expressed.
We have to be aware of this possibility and, if we find that we are being misunderstood, find another means of expressing ourselves.
We are often so anxious to talk, to express our views or to make our point, that we often fail to listen to what is being said to us.
Do you use the right tone and the right words with which to express yourself or do you find yourself tongue-tied?
Are you able to express your emotions and feelings freely when necessary?
It allows us to express emotions, explain abstract ideas, ask questions, seek out information, cross-question, tell jokes, make an impression upon others, and a hundred and one other things.
Virtually every organisation, large or small, uses a logo to express its identity to the public.
If you are clear who you are writing to and address them directly, the tone of your letter has a good chance of appropriately expressing your message.
Let your letter express your personality.
Status is usually enhanced with a range of symbols which express status to others.
The size of offices, the type and size of office furniture such as desks, reserved car parking spaces, titles and badges of rank are just some of the ways in which status is expressed.
Opinions were expressed openly and freely without any breach of confidence.
The views expressed may or may not be shared by their readerships, but they are invested with a special status by virtue of numbers.
Misgivings were also expressed about the practice of departments supplying clerks for tribunals from their local and regional staffs on a secondment basis.
Reaffirmed their decision of 3rd November that the decision on this issue should be left to a free vote, preferably on the Report stage of the Bill in the House of Commons; and agreed that Ministers who dissented from the advice which was to be tendered in accordance with Conclusion above should be free, if they so desired, to vote for the abolition of the death penalty, though they should refrain from expressing in debate views contrary to that advice;…
Throughout the debate it was evident that opinions were fervently held and eloquently expressed.
In the face of some trenchantly expressed disapproval from the Conservative benches, the Government refused to yield.
Expressing disappointment at the decision to dissolve the Royal Commission, for which the new Advisory Council would be no substitute, Heath contended that such a serious outcome could have been avoided if, after the resignation of the initial six members, the Prime Minister or the Home Secretary had said firmly that they would appoint others to take their place.
In a letter to a member of the group on crime who had expressed an interest in foreign affairs, Heath replied:
In reply, Heath expressed his ‘really very warm thanks’ to the members of the policy group.
Notwithstanding the reservations expressed by Whitelaw amongst others, especially about the impact on younger people, it was hard to find a better comprehensive phrase than ‘law and order’.
Credit and Charge Card bookings can be made using Access, Visa or American Express.
There is a frequent express coach connection between Manchester Piccadilly and the Airport.
Within it you will find details of over 130 Steam Railways, Steam Centres and Museums where you can see and, in many cases, ride behind steam locomotives of all sizes from the narrow gauge to main line express types.
Express trains come rushing down on you far more quickly than you imagine and more than one hundred people are killed every year in the United Kingdom doing this.
It is likely that he did express a preference, for although his collapse was dramatic enough for premature reports of his death to reach at least two  cities, he then rallied sufficiently to add codicils to his will.
But this very silence casts doubt on Mancini's central point that the council actually voted down the king's expressed wishes.
The Hague Rules embodied in the 1924 Brus-sels Convention on Bills of Lading contain no express internationality requirement at all, though clearly directed at contracts for the carriage of goods by sea from one State to another, a point made explicit by the Visby amendments.
The Leasing and Factoring Conventions, with a view to expansion of their scope, follow the model of the Vienna Sales Convention but in acknowledgment of the concerns expressed by various States all three Conventions confer a power on Contracting States to make reservations excluding the second form of connecting factor.
Since a Convention rule covering an issue displaces the need for resort to the conflicts of laws whilst the non-coverage of an issue necessitates recourse to the applicable law as determined by the conflicts rules of the forum, it may become necessary to decide whether an issue on which the Convention contains no express provision is covered by implication, applying any canons of interpretation laid down by the Convention itself, and if not, whether recourse is to be had to general conflict-of-laws rules or to any particular conflict rules laid down by the Convention.
The answer is not to be found in the express provisions of article 7.
For example, a court might express regret about the law, as not representing the interests of commerce, and recommend urgent legislation.
Completely pre-paid Express envelopes for up to 150g, depending on the size of the Swiftpack, they come in three sizes and can be sent anywhere in the world from only £2.35.
The express way to mail abroad.
From Express Airmail services through to Surface Mail, there are a variety of means to get your message abroad.
SWIFTAIR EXPRESS AIRMAIL
Swiftair is an Express Airmail Service for important letters and documents and is available to any worldwide destination.
Swiftair provides an effective, economical express service and is available at post offices.
Your Guide to sending Express Delivery in the UK by Datapost
Your Guide to Express Delivery in the UK by Datapost — or phone Datapost on 0800 88 44 22 or phone the Parcelforce National Enquiry Centre on 0800 22 44 66.
International Datapost offers an express, guaranteed delivery service to over 160 countries and territories worldwide.
YOUR GUIDE TO EXPRESS DELIVERY IN THE UK BY DATAPOST
Datapost offers simple, no-fuss documentation, and has more acceptance points than any other express carrier in the UK.
Guaranteed timetable express delivery to over 160 countries and territories worldwide .
International Express Airmail for letters and packages
SWIFTAIR INTERNATIONAL EXPRESS AIRMAIL
SWIFTAIR is not a guaranteed courier service, but an economic express airmail service available to anywhere in the world.
Over 140 countries worldwide operate an internal express service.
* And your SWIFTAIR letter or package will go straight into this express stream once it arrives at its country of destination.
The new look SWIFTAIR design is now the same as that used for the international express airmail services of Sweden, Ireland, Portugal and the Netherlands.
With more express items carrying the same design, it will be easier for all countries throughout the world to recognise them and give them priority treatment.
Swiftair is an express airmail service available for an extra fee for all letters to Europe and letters and printed papers to most other countries.
Your letter is moved as fast as possible in the UK and you receive express delivery abroad where this is  available (see the list of countries in the Royal Mail International Guide).
Express Delivery
For guaranteed express delivery, to over 170 countries and territories worldwide.
Express delivery
These statistics expressed in terms of expectation of life testify even more vividly to the distance Western society has travelled in being able to take the survival of our children almost for granted.
And this factor of priorities is reflected in the literature directed towards parents, which, though it may often be out of touch with individual parental needs and circumstances, is written within a total social context and expresses closely enough prevailing social trends.
As for breast feeding, I feel so strongly about this that I can hardly express myself!
The hygienists considered only physical needs as legitimate — and even hunger, if expressed at an unsuitable time, was excluded.
It is contained in the old aphorism ‘the child is father to the man’, and expresses the belief that a child's experiences in the early years will leave a mark on him for the rest of his life.
The fact that a baby is weaned early, according to this argument, matters less than the reason for this decision: whether it reflects a cultural norm, or stems from the mother's revulsion at physical intimacy, or expresses an urge to hurry the child towards independence.
At its most extreme form it was expressed by J. B. Watson in 1925: ‘Give me a dozen healthy infants, well formed, and my own specified world to bring them up in, and I will guarantee to take any one at random and train him to become any type of specialist I might select — doctor, lawyer, artist, merchant chief, and yes, even beggarman and thief, regardless of his talents, penchants, tendencies, abilities, vocations, and the race of his ancestors.’
Some two hundred years after Descartes had formulated his concept of mechanical laws, a proven capacity to discover the laws of nature and to express them mathematically was taken by the first systematic historian of science, William Whewell, as evidence of an affinity between human and the divine mind.
In expressing that objection, other contemporaries were undoubtedly swayed by the realization that Lyell's axiom would so greatly increase the age of the earth that it might threaten even a generous reading of Genesis.
During the 1620s the opinion had been expressed in Catholic circles that the Copernican system ought not to be condemned.
Many spokesmen for the Christian religion have echoed the conviction that St. Basil expressed with his statement that a life of meekness and piety knew higher concerns than whether the earth was a sphere, cylinder, or disk.
The originality of a critical mind, expressing itself in creative and sometimes idiosyncratic science, has often manifested itself in theological deviation.
Agassiz expressed his sadness that Darwin's theory had so quickly won acclaim, while Darwin could find in Agassiz's idealism nothing but ‘empty sounds.’
Fears were expressed by puritan divines that to thirst after natural knowledge was to run the risk of elevating reason at the expense of faith.
The traditional view was expressed by Sir Thomas Browne in his Religio medici (1642).
The disintegration of an older order, at once exhilarating and disturbing, was most famously expressed by the poet John Donne.
The historical reality during the sixteenth and much of the seventeenth centuries was usually some kind of amalgam, such as that expressed by Martin Luther in his evaluation of alchemy: As the earthly alchemist purified through fire, leaving the dregs at the bottom of the furnace, so, at the Day of Judgment, the divine alchemist would separate all things through fire, the righteous from the ungodly.
God's infinitude, so Bruno argued, could only be expressed by creating infinite worlds — worlds that were real, not hypothetical.
The incommensurability of the two worlds has been well expressed by C. S. Lewis with the observation that, in the  pre-Copernican universe, as man looked upward, he looked inward to a harmonious and animated world in which all celestial movement derived from the spheres, and the motion of the spheres from an inner drive on the part of the primum mobile to share in the perfection of God.
By contrast, in the post-Copernican universe, man looked outward on the night sky and, if he was Pascal, expressed terror at the eternal silence of infinite space.
Moreover, it was possible to reconstruct a universe in which Christian doctrines remained intact, even if the imagery through which they had been expressed was gradually discarded.
Despite expressing a willingness to reconstrue Scripture if the earth's motion were proved, Bellarmine would not relent.
Copernicus, on the left, raises the possibility of the earth's motion, Galileo produces his telescope, and Kepler expresses a desire for wings that he might visit the new world — as indeed he had dreamed of doing in his unpublished Copernican text Somnium .
Francesco Lana, a pupil of the renowned Athanasius Kircher, confessed that he would use many models to express the truth to which the science of natural things could attain.
Krafft-Ebing expressed the orthodox view in the late nineteenth century when he described sex as a ‘natural instinct’ which ‘with all conquering force  and might demands fulfilment’.
But in emphasising the role of the norm he is quite consciously diminishing the role of the state — at least as expressed in its  legal apparatus — and in doing so he underplays its role in constructing attitudes to sexuality, through marriage laws, the regulation of deviance, the judiciary, the police, as well as, more generally, the education system, the welfare system, and so on .
Over the long term we can detect three broad tendencies: the conservative, authoritarian often expressed in the actions of social morality campaigns; the liberal often in the vanguard of reforming activity; and the radical, libertarian; the first asserting the importance of absolute moral standards; the second by and large seeking relaxation within a traditional framework of family values; and the third advocating a transformation of values.
The result of these complex influences was a family model that carried heavily ideological concepts of what the distribution of power should be in the family and how sexuality should be expressed, interpreting, in particular, female sexuality as secondary, and deriving from the maternal instinct, and severely regulating childhood sexuality.
A correspondent writing to the Public Ledger in 1816 expressed the view very clearly: ‘That the French Revolution, with all its constant horrors, was preceded by a total revolution of decency and morality, the virtuous dualities of a mind being sapped and undermined by the baneful exhibition of pictures, representing vice in the most alluring and varied forms, to a depraved mind, is a truth that unfortunately will not admit of doubt.’
A central part of this was expressed in two catchwords of the bourgeoisie: prudence and postponement, ritualistic guidelines to the bourgeoisie at this stage of its history but also presented secondarily as models for the poor.
A growing feeling, encouraged by bodies such as the National Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Children, as to the social obnoxiousness of incest was finally expressed in the Criminal Law in 1908 which marked the tardy acceptance of a recommendation made over three centuries earlier.
First and foremost, sexual respectability expressed the aspirations and lives of the middle class.
Sexuality becomes a vehicle for expressing the needs of social roles.’
There was a long-standing fear of female sexuality which is expressed by ideologists such as William Acton, the surgeon and moralist in the mid century.
Acton was certainly a minority spokesman and was challenged even by contemporaries in his attitude to female sexuality, but he did express pervasive anxieties.
An echo of this could be seen in the fascination expressed by many middle-class men with the physical features of working-class women and in the concurrent attempts at sexual colonisation embodied in prostitution of working-class girls.
What this suggests is that female sexuality was expressed very much within the terms of the definitions of female social roles.
These concepts, expressed in books and pamphlets, and directly to women, assumed a greater importance because of the professionalisation of medicine and the growing dominance of disease models as explanations for social phenomena.
These doctors expressed a mixture of views about sexuality, often recognising the reality of female sexuality, including the role of the clitoris, but this sometimes coincided with the notion that women were naturally timid creatures and were natural invalids.
Many doctors expressed doubts as to the propriety of using the speculum.
Masturbation did not become respectable, but there was a new stress on its ability to rob adolescence of real fulfilment, and this was even echoed in the work of sex reformers such as Havelock Ellis and expressed in G. Stanley Hall's two volumes on adolescence.
This was clearly expressed as late as 1913 by the Reverend Edward Lyttleton, headmaster of Eton:
But Henry Broadhurst at the 1877 Trades Union Congress expressed what was to become a very important element in working-class respectable ideology.
At the huge demonstration in Hyde Park on 22 August 1885, prior to the passing of the Criminal Law Amendment Act, a speaker expressed the hope that ‘our public men shall be pure’.
Finally,thank you to all those readers who wrote from smallholdings all over Britain expressing their support for the John McCarthy campaign.
For instance, the same sentence can be expressed as a statement or a question, simply by varying its pitch (e.g.’It's OK ’ versus’It's OK ?’).
Similarly, by altering the volume, a speaker can express anger (with a loud voice) or secrecy (with a whisper).
By altering the tempo of an utterance, the speaker can express excitement (with rapid speech) or deliberation (slow speech).
The basic problem with semantic networks, as indeed with many other techniques, is that they are a language in which the meaning of sentences can be expressed — a language in need of its own semantics.
Schank argued that every verb in the lexicon could be expressed by a combination of these primitives, e.g.’give ’ can be ATRANS or in the case of’giving advice ’it can be decomposed to MTRANS .
A meaning postulate is a formula expressing some aspect of the sense of a predicate [Hurford, 1983], using a predicate-calculus-like notation that permits any number of arguments.
Bar-Hillel [1967]argues for the superiority of meaning postulates over semantic markers due to their ability to represent arguments of lexical items, which are essential for expressing the relation between the meanings of words like’buy ’ and’sell ’:for any x, y, z (x sells y to z if and only if z buys y from x)
— in which the syntactic kernel is semantically a hypernym of the entry word, with pre- and post-modifiers expressing restrictions on the extension of the hypernym;
— all semantic information is expressed by just one word (no need for modifiers or other restrictions);
This amount may be expressed as a ratio of the amount of useful information compared to the amount of redundant information.
Expressed as a ratio, the coverage of this definition is , i.e. 20%.
’ 1st Level’refers to the coverage given by expansion to the first level, expressed as a percentage (as described above).
’ 2nd Level’refers to the coverage given by expansion to the second level, also expressed as a percentage.
The relationship between syntactic category and coverage may then be expressed by Table 3.9.
Collocations are similar to dictionary definitions inasmuch as they can be expressed as a headword followed by a list of semantically related words.
For example, when a human reader sees a word such as ’ hence’,’therefore’or’thus’, they interpret it as a signal that the next sentence will express some consequence of what has just been said [Brooks & warren , 1970].
Similarly, when they see words like’ however’or’but’, they interpret it as a signal that the next sentence will express something opposing what has just been said.
Travel to Gatwick from outside London also includes the Underground from Victoria and the Gatwick Express Rail Service (every 15 minutes throughout the day) right into the heart of the airport.
PHARAOH'S EXPRESS
Before taking the overnight express train to Luxor, spend a day in Cairo at your leisure.
Although initial reports last week indicated that the Severn Valley 8F had completed its north-bound leg of the Welsh Marches Express from Hereford to Crewe satisfactorily, the run was not entirely free from mechanical problems.
Consequently the locomotive was returned to Bridgnorth and was not able to fulfil its Red Rose run on Monday September 23rd, which would have taken the locomotive from Crewe to Carnforth where it was to have had two south-bound outings on Cumbrian Mountain Expresses of October 26th and November 16th.
On the question of whether the locomotive would be available to complete the double 8F' Cumbrian Mountain Express at the end of October, Mr Draper advised that the locomotive would be available if BR required it to complete this roster.
The Severn Valley 8F is pictured approaching Dorrington with the return leg of the Welsh Marches Express on Sunday, September 22nd.
Perhaps their disappointment was partly expressed in lack of lineside permits, high viz jackets, and abusive language to officers and volunteers of the railway.
All letters are subject to editing and opinions expressed do not necessarily reflect that of the editor or Lancashire Publications Ltd.
The appearance of the locomotive was a surprise as it had recently been transferred to Kentish Town to work Midland Express trains out of St. Pancras.
There can't be many pictures of ‘North of Crewe expresses’ pulled by locomotives with a 14B shedplate!
This is not to say that the mornings and evenings were devoid of expresses, or indeed interest.
However, I had seen such sights before, in my days at primary school, and despite the use of Patriots, Jubilees and even Royal Scots on the more prestigious sets of wagons, it was the early afternoon express traffic which was the focal point of my attention.
Our afternoon lessons began at a quarter-to-two, and if the express did not run on time, I ran the risk of being late for roll call.
Another suggestion was that an entire class of LMS express locomotives had been withdrawn for some reason.
Every time the express went by, we had to hold the windows in.
He landed at Durlston and expressed his delight at the beautiful scenery and pure air.
Returning to Swanage on 7 July 1847, John Mowlem wrote in his diary: ‘Left London at half past twelve midday, and arrived at Wareham at 5 p.m. by Express train…
Thomas Cromwell expressed pleasure when told by the Lord Chief Justice in 1531 that proclamations were ‘of as good effect as any law made by Parliament or otherwise’.
In 1592 Sir Thomas Sherley offered £200 for an office, while two years later he was expressing shocked — but rather unconvincing — indignation at the rumour that he was being paid £4,600 for his own position as Treasurer of the Wars.
Cecil had expressed his own attitude at great length and less clarity a year or two before this.
However they may express his uniqueness, they must say of Jesus of Nazareth that there was a revelation of God through him in a way in which this is not true of you or me.
The high church Anglican theologian Eric Mascall, writing in response to a report of a Lambeth subcommittee which commented that medieval understandings were based on false biological views, expressed himself thus:
As Karl Barth expresses it, woman is to man as B is to A; why should woman mind? 17 The idea that western religion has itself been a cause of attitudes which have deeply harmed women obviously cannot be given entrance by them.
This picture could be expressed in the following way as a religious myth.
Such a picture of reality, through which people have interpreted their awareness of God, has also been expressed in more abstract terms.
One would think (as I think) that this story has served as a vehicle through which people expressed their love of God, but not that it is true.
Patristic Christology is subtle, for the fathers were trying rightly to express a complex issue.
The problem for the fathers was how to express that God could be said to have uniquely identified God's self with Jesus of Nazareth, without making Jesus into God.
But I too would want to say that (as someone has expressed it) we see God through a Christ-shaped window: I have no doubt that, as a western person, my understanding of God has, in part at least, been shaped by the person who was  Jesus of Nazareth.
Such an understanding of reality on the part of a Catholic conservative was well expressed by the Anglican bishop Graham Leonard, in his speech against the ordination of women to the General Synod of the Church of England in 1978.
It is the particular way in which its doctrines have been expressed through concrete imagery which has shaped those doctrines.
‘As for the terms in which St Paul expressed it — well, there you are he used any sort of figure that came to hand: he picked up a rhetorical  metaphor from a cynic preaching in the market….
Now the thought of Christ Himself was expressed in certain dominant images….
People who never normally go to church find themselves called upon to express their emotions through religious symbols and imagery at moments of transition and crisis in their lives: at baptisms, weddings and funerals.
Garments, for men, express feelings.
The Bruces, whose currying of favour with Edward had resulted in the restoration of their estates, stirred up minor troubles but seemed glad to yield for the time being to their benefactors and express disapproval of Wallace's wild conduct.
An international organisation can express its interest through the advisory jurisdiction of the International Court.
An obligation or right (as well as an interest) can be legal or moral, express or implied.
The crucial factors for the creation of a third party right, as expressed by the majority of the Court, were the intention of the parties as stipulated in the agreement, and subsequent actions, including those of the third party.
There had been no express waiver by the United States in favour of Greece, but the Public Vessels Act allowed the United States to waive immunity in respect of a country which waives immunity for it.
Article 11 of the Vienna Convention allows for consent to be bound by a treaty to be expressed in a number of ways including acceptance, approval, and accession.
This does not mean however that the ‘clean slate’ doctrine was unreservedly upheld: boundary treaties and treaties creating rights or obligations relating to the use of territory and considered as appertaining to the territory of the successor State are express exceptions.
O'Connell argued that these agreements could not impose burdens upon third parties and were therefore of little practical international effect, apart from putting the other treaty parties on notice of the presumption of continuity as expressed in the devolution agreement.
The protection against being bound by a treaty to which there has been no express consent appears excessive, while it is easier to be held bound by customary obligations.
This resembles an agency agreement with restraints imposed upon the agent's express authority.
Following municipal law agency principles a third party could claim that it was bound with respect to the protectorate provided the agent had acted within the scope of its express, implied, or apparent authority.
To protect the City from abuse of power by Poland, the High Commissioner of the League was given the express power to veto any treaty purportedly entered into by Poland on behalf of the City that was in excess of Poland's authority.
In political terms the position might be quite different for parties and non-parties, as exemplified by the response of the United States and the concern expressed by certain European States at New Zealand's decisions.
The United States has expressed its concern at New Zealand's joining the South Pacific Nuclear Free Zone Treaty, although this treaty was carefully drafted to avoid conflict with the Pacific Security Treaty.
Many different opinions on the desirability and philosophy of Article 36 bis were expressed within the International Law Commission.
Article 36 bis spelled out that the basis for a member State of an organisation becoming bound to a third party with respect to a treaty concluded by the organisation was its express agreement.
However, if an express agreement is required, how it is to be given must be determined.
Membership of an organisation necessitates voluntary restrictions upon the sovereign powers of States which can only be to the extent accepted by the members through the express or implied terms of the treaty.
Member States may assume the validity of such extended powers through the implied powers doctrine, which allows competency to be implied from the express purposes of an organisation in order that it may function effectively.
The reasonably incidental powers doctrine provides no basis for an extension of powers beyond the express or implied purposes of the organisation.
In addition, the purposes of the United Nations as expressed in Article 1 of the Charter, give it an interest in the orderly and legal settlement of the dispute.
A major criticism of the concept is that, in the absence of the express incorporation of international law as the proper law in the contract, the criteria for determining this to be the case are not settled.
A differentiation was drawn between ‘factual’ agency for which express authority given by the members to to the Council would have to be established, and ‘constitutional’agency which could derive directly from the 6th International Tin Agreement.
It might be argued that the actions were outside the express authority of the Council, for there could be no express authority to incur debts that could not be honoured.
The Court of Appeal found that no express authority had been given to the Council by its members, thus negating any factual agency.
This agreement expresses an understanding and commitment between the two governments which under existing law cannot of itself have any internal legal effect.
In one case the opinion was expressed that the foreign affairs powers of the President are extra-constitutional, resting upon the international sovereign status of the United States and the necessity for that country to be able to perform effectively in foreign relations, uninhibited by domestic legal restrictions.
Although there was no common intention expressed by the parties at Geneva, he deduces their intention from the wording of the Protocol: the opening words of Article 1 of Protocol II, the fact that the rebels must have achieved a degree of organisation before the Protocol can be activated, and Article 6 (5) of the Protocol all demonstrate an intent to bind both sides to the conflict.
Third party rebels can express their assent in a variety of ways, including notifying the government or the International Committee of the Red Cross, or by implementing the Protocol.
We can agree with him therefore that the Pioneers were wrong in their view that the abolition of workers' rights, expressed as a bonus to labour, was a misdirection of the Movement — but wrong only because there was then no other direction for it to take.
Isaiah Berlin has pointed to the uncertainty in Marx's attitude to this ‘the most central of all the concepts of his system’ and to his failure to reconcile the two views he expresses: the one, that in unalienated labour there is perfect freedom for the fullest realisation of human potential and happiness; the other, that ‘the  need for this minimum of toil is an inescapable fact of physical nature which it is mere Utopianism to hope to conjure away’.
If there is continuing disquiet about the way an industry is being run, Members can express their disquiet by questioning the fitness of the persons appointed by the Government to run it.
It fully bears out both the disquiet expressed in the working party's Report, and quoted above; and the CDA's dissociation of its policies from those in pursuit of which the three cases in question were projected into disaster.
Under de Gaulle, therefore, the Information Minister was a Broadcasting Minister — to whom the head of state sometimes expressed, day by day, his anger with the content of news and current affairs programmes.
This concern has expressed itself not only in papers on children's acquisition of literacy (e.g., Donaldson, 1984, 1989), but also in the publication of a number of children's stories and of a reading and language programme for children in primary classrooms (Reid and Donaldson, 1984).
Rather, each conventional expression expresses a different meaning.
Furthermore, once children have acquired the conventional word to express a particular meaning, they tend to use that, and not to coin a new form to use instead.
Imagine that a child has expressed some meaning with an innovative term, a, and that this meaning is identical to the one expressed by term b, the term conventionally used for that meaning by adults — e.g.,plant-man versus gardener .
Explanations in the intentional mode express the relation between the action and the reason (e.g.,John wound up the car because he wanted it to go ).
Sentences in the intentional mode (such as(18),(19), and (20)) express a reason-action relation, and the verb which is used to refer to the result of the action occurs in its non-finite form (e.g.,go ).
This contrasts with sentences in the empirical mode which express an action-result relation, and in which a finite verb form (went ) is used to refer to the result of the action:
In a because sentence, the reason is expressed by using a phrase which refers to the agent's desire or aim (e.g.,wanted to ), whereas in a so sentence the reason is expressed by using a modal construction (e.g.,would ), which refers to the predicted result of the action.
In the questions task, both age groups showed a strong preference for expressing intentional explanations by means of the infinitive construction (e.g.,John wound up the toy car to make it go ).
Another way of expressing this would be by means of correlation.
Through participative democracy the hopes, wishes and aspirations of Ulster's people will be expressed and acted on.
Menachem Begin the leader of Irgun, who was wanted for the murders of sergeants Martin and Paice (see Daily Express) went on in time to become the Prime Minister of the Zionist State of Israel.
Perhaps the greatest danger for France lay in what has been called ‘the suppression of Vietnamese political life’, a theory expressed by Jules Harmand (French Commissioner General in Cochinchina whose ultimatum has already been recorded), in his book Domination et Colonisation (1910).
Doubts were expressed in Washington; but in spite of Griffin's assertion that the wave of communist risings in Indo-China were not economic, social or ideological, rather they were predominantly nationalistic, he concluded that it was because the Bao Dai government was itself so intensely nationalist that it was worth supporting.
National Express Travel Bookings
National Express Travel is bookable at Princes Drive Coach Park T.I.C.
COLWYN BAY can be reached either directly or by connecting coach services from all parts of the Country and there are express services from all major cities.
Several others, however, including one individual who testified that he had suffered discriminatory treatment from his employers because of views he had expressed in public about the political situation, requested that their names be withheld from the final report, because they felt that their jobs and perhaps even their very lives would be at risk.
I think you have seen already the EOC's concern expressed about what is happening in things like women's centres.
The view was expressed that with technological progress unskilled jobs were disappearing and the idea that full employment is possible no longer makes any sense.
There were problems expressed about the difficulties of people with disabilities and those in ill-health to have necessary adaptations made to their homes, again mainly due to financial considerations rather than on the tenants' needs.
The view was expressed that YTP and JTP are no substitute for the creation of real employment for young people.
Concern was also expressed about the lack of rights for trainees — they often find themselves in a vulnerable situation.
There was also some concern expressed about the Catholic Church's involvement in job creation schemes.
To seek meetings with interested parties, governmental and otherwise to express the concerns of the conference.
Speaker after speaker congratulated the organisers, expressed their satisfaction with the conference and talked about how necessary a forum like this was.
To seek meetings with interested parties, governmental and otherwise, to express the concerns of the conference.
Representatives who attended from Derry, Craigavon and other areas expressed interest in organising similar conferences in their respective areas.
You can also pay by Access, Visa or American Express — simply complete the authority on the booking form.
This order is regularly tested and fights between rivals are generally avoided through the use of signals that express submission or dominance.
Readers who wish to express their concern for the fate of the Taiwan Ten should write to: His Excellency Teuku Mohamad Hadi Thayed, The Indonesian Embassy, 38 Grosvenor Square, London W1X 9AD.
If you're seeking a way to express frustrated emotion and thwarted love, then you need to know that children are individuals who come with their own rights and demands.
The session ended with an extraordinary meeting demanded by the Conservative junior ministers in order that they might express their discontent to the Cabinet members of their own party.
He had been almost the first to express his belief in the certainty of a  future Labour Government.
When Birkenhead left office in 1928, Baldwin accepted his resignation with a reluctance which was convincing because honestly expressed: ‘We shall part, on my side at least, with a feeling of personal regret which I could not have believed possible four years ago.’
The Empire Crusade continued in existence (indeed its symbol still decorates the front page of the Daily Express), but like many of Beaverbrook's enterprises, it quickly faded from his attention and that of the country.
King George V always had strong views as to who was suitable for which office, and did not hesitate to express them to his Prime Ministers.
Churchill, on the other hand, with the support of the Daily Mail, the Daily Express and, more surprisingly, the News Chronicle, was feeling his way towards a King's Party.
And it seemed to her that that broken line, I know not, oh, I know not", expressed a level of passion as high as any the English language could achieve; the interjection and the repetition and the archaic inversion were to her the exhaled breath of yearning.
Each time she read the story, she experienced a new shock; it was the shock of finding the new contained and expressed in the framework and the terms of the old.
The other girls, knowing quite well that she had done it for the benefit of one Geoffrey A. Machin, were shocked and admiring, but the convention restrained them from expressing either shock or admiration.
"It's all a question of the difference between the epic and the tragic," he said, when she expressed a preference for heroes that die.
Bible words do not have magical powers in themselves, but because all words express ideas, and ideas lie behind action, the word of God is a mighty weapon to influence men's convictions and conduct.
It was natural that man's relationship to God should have been expressed in covenant terms.
Others think that this pattern of seven days is simply the most vivid means of expressing the creative energy and satisfaction of God, the orderliness and simple majesty of the way he created all things.
Some attributes of God so express the heart of his divine nature that they are used as titles:
The general truth expressed by the tabernacle, then, is that the Lord determined to live among his people and the will of God — what he wants — equally governs the whole plan of the great tent and its constructions.
A pleasing odour to the Lord (1:9): a human way of expressing God's satisfaction with the offering.
Today we are more able to understand and appreciate the sound principles of diet, hygiene and medicine which these laws express.
The law of retaliation (lex talionis, verses 15ff.): the principle this law expresses is of exact public justice, as opposed to individual revenge.
On the whole they are best regarded as expressing a desire to maintain and demonstrate right relations  between God, man and his neighbour.
This harmony might be expressed as an offering which accompanies a vow of some kind (Leviticus 22:21), or as a thank-offering (Leviticus 22:29) or free-will offering (Leviticus 22:21).
The offerings expressed the individual's gratitude to God for his goodness, or were simply spontaneous expressions of devotion.
No distinct meaning is evident; the offering probably expressed homage and thankfulness.
"By reason of" translates a Hebrew preposition regularly used to express price or expenditure (e.g. 1 Kings 2:23; Proverbs 7:23; Lamentations 5:9).
Animal sacrifice expressed the principle.
The first five are basically concerned with the structures of literature and the various ways in which an author expresses himself.
Then redaction criticism is of limited value, but its methods can help to bring out the special interests of the editor and so lead to a fuller appreciation of the theology expressed in his work.
In the meantime Boulestin had written cookery articles for the Daily Express, the Morning Post, Vogue, the Manchester Guardian and the Spectator; in February 1925 A Second Helping was published, also with a Laboureur jacket and frontispiece.
As it happens, the offence on this occasion was not mine, but I am familiar — what cookery writer is not?— with the tone of voice and with the gale force of the feelings expressed.
Although he was strictly fair in his reports and seldom expressed a particular preference, it is clear that one of the Colonel's favourite restaurants was the Savoy.
The idea that the appearance of amour courtois in late eleventh-century Aquitaine was one of the great moments in the history of mankind was most powerfully expressed by C. S. Lewis in The Allegory of Love.
French poets, in the eleventh century, discovered or invented, or were the first to express, that romantic species of passion which English poets were still writing about in the nineteenth.
And in the poetry of the troubadours other women became the object of a cult of adoration, though here it was adoration expressed in purely physical terms.
The ceremony seemed designed to express the triumph of the united Angevin family over the old enemy of Toulouse.
These soldiers were generally known as Brabançons, but sometimes as Navarrese or Basques or Germans, not so much to indicate their precise place of origin as to express the fact that they were foreigners and spoke a language which was not understood.
His doubts about the nature and value of contemporary society were frequently expressed also in the Criterion; in the issue of October 1935, for example, he had talked about the plight of Papuan natives who had been corrupted by Western civilization.
This was the closest he would come to that association of the best "minds" sharing certain fundamental ideals which had been a preoccupation of his since the early Twenties; and indeed it was through such encounters that he began to formulate the ideas which he was to express in The Idea of a Christian Society and Notes Towards The Definition of Culture.
But in the early years of his editorship he had also wanted to achieve something quite different from other contemporary periodicals — he was trying to express, if not create, a genuinely European consciousness which would subvert the characteristically insular nature of English cultural life.
In any case it seemed at this point that the war might be lost, and only a month after finishing the poem he was expressing to Martin Browne grave misgivings about the worth and value of his poetic activities, which often appeared to be futile.
In April he was still having difficulty in completing the book and in a letter to Henry Treece in September he was again expressing doubts about himself as a writer.
Although there was almost unanimous praise of Eliot's poetic or sheerly musical abilities (which in any case had their roots deep in his American experience), there was a certain distrust of the religious sensibility which seemed to be expressed in the sequence.
And yet in the same lecture he had expressed his belief that the tradition of which he spoke was drawing to a close; and, in the poem, the encounter with the familiar but only half-glimpsed figure is charged with a sense of transitoriness and loss:
In March 1945, a few weeks before the German surrender, Eliot was expressing his pessimism about the future; a few days later he wrote his last commentary for the Christian News Letter and used the pseudonym of "Metoikos" or "resident alien" .
He also wanted to publish the next volume of the Cantos as soon as possible, in order to bolster Pound's reputation, although he had expressed private reservations that the most recent work was not of so high a standard as the rest.
It was a perfect opportunity for some writers to express the resentment which they had harboured against him for many years, and he himself was convinced that such people detested him because he had acquired British citizenship.
But there was also a sense in which he despised fame even as he obtained it, and when in this year he described Mark Twain as a man who wanted success or reputation and yet at the same time "resented their violation of his integrity" , there can be little doubt that once again he was expressing his own feelings through the agency of another's.
In an interview which he gave in this year, he expressed his disappointment at the recent development of English poetry and suggested that any "creative advance" would come in prose fiction or in poetic drama: this is clearly what he himself was aiming at, as if he felt he could achieve in drama what he had already achieved in poetry.
His problems in composing this lecture were no doubt compounded by the fact that he had had in the past expressed no great liking for Goethe's poetry — "I can't stand his stuff," he had once told Ronald Duncan — and in any case he now found public addresses a complete waste of time.Immediately on his return from Germany, he travelled to the United States for a visit of two months.
Indeed it would not be too much to say that neither woman ever really got over it; a day before the wedding he had written to Mary Trevelyan, expressing the hope that she would remain on friendly terms both with him and his new wife, but the old intimacy had necessarily gone for ever.
He was now much more friendly and jaunty — "I am thinking of taking up dancing lessons again," he told a reporter from the Daily Express, "as I have not danced at all for some years" .
In the autumn of 1959 he wrote to Eliot from Italy, where he was staying with his daughter, expressing grave doubts about his worth as a poet.
Although he still expressed private doubts about Lawrence, it was necessary for the public gesture to be made: Lawrence was, after all, part of that same generation of writers of which Eliot was now almost the sole representative.
Everyone but the columnists of the Daily Mail and the Daily Express knows that the dole isn't enough to live on and asks the rhetorical question, "How do people manage?"
The mass production and marketing of family food expresses the dissolution of domesticity as a way of life.
Orwell broke with his class to express his solidarity with the miners in The Road to Wigan Pier, and he expressed his solidarity in terms of his own class position.
Consequently, nationalisation expressed their political wish, but just as that didn't extend to an alternative philosophy at the economic or political level, neither did it extend to a radical philosophy of personal life.
We thus use the term binary for computers which manipulate numeric values expressed directly in a binary format, and decimal for those where binary patterns are interpreted as decimal digits.
In early computers the add or store cycle time would be quoted; even today raw computer power may be expressed in terms of the number of instructions executed per second, using a weighted average over some standard instruction mix.
One lecturer expressed his opinion that the new third tier market would wipe out the OTC.
Once, the Harvard training officer allowed a dealer to visit a wealthy businessman who had expressed an interest in picking up Hard Rock Cafe shares,(as he had contacts there) but only if they could meet up.
Not so the dealer who would be more likely to take a middle-of-the-road tabloid newspaper such as the Daily Mail or the Daily Express, as a source of more concentrated financial news, with a lay-out less taxing on his brain cells.
Of course, some clients too would read the Daily Mail and the Daily Express, in which case they would be as loathe as dealers to reveal the fact for similar snob reasons.
A teaching unit must be capable of expressing the teacher's, possibly shifting, aims — just as a spade expresses the gardener's.
The ideas will arise from the identification of (i) and (ii) and the development will be affected by the intentions expressed;(iii) and (iv) will help to educate us towards tuning the materials and producing other effective teaching units.
When he said, "I can't believe this is me, man," they looked at each other, unable to bear that they could not express what they felt for him, but they could laugh, and — it was Pat who sat next to him — stroke or pat him, or embrace him.
Thus, it was not surprising to find one headteacher expressing some annoyance that the schools were selected by procedures which were not open to public scrutiny and claiming that a competition was only fair if all potential entrants knew in advance that the "race" was to take place and the rules under which it would be run.
Proposal documents inevitably employed statements of broad aim couched in general terms and expressed in a way thought to meet the Coordinating Team's expectations.
Thus, while virtually all schools wished to increase access to a better-stocked library in a way which would stimulate RBL, only 14 of the schools specified existing or intended extension activities in their plans, while nine made reference to the need to establish or develop display areas, and a similar number expressed a commitment to associated inservice developments.
However, in January 1985 a new librarian was appointed and senior staff expressed hope that, industrial action permitting, the committee would be reconvened in due course.
Preference is expressed for paperback fiction for all ability levels, and for books on local history and geography and such history topics as exploration and discovery, the slave trade and the colonisation of America.
Most expressed the wish to extend supervised library access beyond lunchtimes and after-school sessions, and two had plans to relocate the library entirely.
Of course, for conversation to provide opportunities for learning in this way, children must be encouraged to continue to be active participants, initiating talk about topics that interest them, asking questions and expressing their opinions.
The letters and words will be recognised — they are handled by automatised component subskills — but the meanings of the words are not assembled into the ideas which the author has attempted to express.
After a certain stage, children become able to use a greater variety of linguistic devices to express certain sorts of clausal relations and this makes them less reliant on dependent-clause structures.
It is a way of thinking and expressing oneself in language that is radically different from conversational speech.
On admission Peter expressed his anxiety about being absent from his business, and his inability to alter his lifestyle sufficiently to prevent his symptoms recurring.
Many patients may not feel able to express their fears and it is therefore important to recognise other signs of anxiety.
This discussion should always be a two-way exchange of information, during which the patient should feel free to ask questions and express fears.
Tactfully expressed, open-ended questions will need to be used to obtain maximum response from the patient.
When Mr Reynolds talked to a nurse later in the day, he expressed the following concerns:
Mr Reynolds often looked tired and anxious during the days preceding his operation and it was important that the ward nurses gave him opportunities to ask questions and express his fears and also ensured that he had time to rest.
Much of the methodology described in this chapter is derived from work in Dr Martin H Johnson's laboratory, Department of Anatomy, Cambridge, during the past 10 years and I should like to express my gratitude to all members of the laboratory past and present for their contribution to it.
The poet Emerson expressed the difficulty in remembering dreams most eloquently: Dreams are jealous of being remembered; they dissipate instantly and angrily if you try to hold them.
Freud himself expressed the view that some dreams, but not all, may be forgotten for this reason.
Freud himself didn't think that dreaming preserved sanity — on the contrary, as we shall see in the next chapter, the Freudian view was that the function of dreaming was to allow sleep to continue uninterrupted, despite a number of unacceptable ideas being expressed.
That is, if we do attempt to make a movement during dreaming it is certain to fail, and this provides an opportunity to express the idea that our intentions are being thwarted.
Nightmares of pure horror are expressed in dreams of cannibalism, gory deaths and graveyard ghouls.
This accumulation of nonsense is expressed in dreams which are created only in order to be forgotten.
Mr Chambers' name and virtues had been the main topic of her mother's conversation for the last two months, and no matter how many times Honor expressed her dislike of the man, Flora continued to press the subject.
"How many ways are there to express gratitude?
She expressed her regret at Virginia's death, feeling awkward.
Topaz could have expressed some brief regret, or simply shrugged in helplessness, but she didn't.
You need to explain why one idea was better  liked than another or whether an idea was appreciated, but perhaps not ideally expressed.
"You will not leave this house again with Senga without my express permission, even  for the simplest task — is that understood?
Experience, he feels, can be expressed.
And at Burghclere Memorial Chapel he has expressed what he felt.
There is no suppression there; the children are encouraged to express themselves in their work freely.
If you asked Professor Cizek how he got his results, he would in all probability reply — "I just encourage the children to express themselves freely and only stop bad things from originating."
Pointing to one picture, he will say: "That picture has a good sense of pattern," another, a good sense of form; this picture has fine movement; that picture is lively and expresses much humour, and so on.
But the child has his own ideas, and is only too ready to express them by himself if we would but allow him to.
It is more than this, it develops his mind, his emotion, and it helps him to express his feelings.
But some children are slow to express their ideas in writing.
He loves drawing and painting but he finds expressing his ideas in writing very difficult.
He does so, full of interest in expressing what he has seen and knows.
If he is writing down his ideas and expressing his experiences this is a lot and we must give him his due and his head.
The child who likes expressing his ideas in words, but who is not so happy drawing and painting, can be asked to write about an interest.
It is a mental and imaginative experience; it is awareness, and it may express itself in drawing and painting, or it may express itself in writing, or in moving, or in singing or in playing.
Try and express in paint what you have felt and seen in your memory and imagination.
See if you can express the hardness and brittleness of coal, the black ruggedness of it.
Allowing the child to muck about, or does it mean free to express himself in his own childlike way, and not ape the adult's way.
And also free to express his own visual experiences, in a suitable medium, ii, a way understandable to the child.
The child can and will learn to express himself better.
There is the sea, and the problem of how to express it.
Remember please that it is the effort of doing and thinking about and trying to find the means of expressing an idea which is most important in art education — not the finished result.
We do not want every child to become an artist — heaven forbid, but we do want every child to grow and be enriched by his imaginative experiences, and the study and observation and attempts at expressing these, in colour and form, is one way for him to do this.
We could also write down other things about what we have noticed which would be better expressed in words than in paint.
Poor child — he can see them in his mind's eye, but how can he express them in paint?
Implicit in much of  what I express about Basil's achievement is the recognition of Rosemary's very significant contribution within this splendid partnership in Art Education.
I can only recall one occasion when he expressed a quiet boast; he took delight in telling me that he did not have one paper qualification to his name.
His love and concern for his fellows was expressed in the most immediate, yet measured and sensitive way.
Basil's love of nature expressed itself so forcefully in his responses to people that they shared and accepted them whatever his mood.
With him they had space to express their response, which he nurtured and developed in simple yet effective ways.
It was from a firm understanding that everyone is capable of expressing and communicating ideas, through the arts that Basil quietly but firmly challenged existing views.
Other speakers expressed unease about disturbing the wage Structure, and James Wilkie, an Edinburgh compositor in the hall, warned that the city already had too many apprentices, too low wages and not enough work: "with the exception of a month or two in the winter time, there were always printers looking for work" .
Whether or not as a result of the unease expressed at this meeting, two completely separate organizations were set up in its wake.
In one respect at least, however, it preceded Emily Faithfull's London office, by creating a monthly magazine with the express aim of providing a "constant supply of work for the" hands ", all female" .
Class antagonism is in fact rarely expressed openly in the caustic comments of such journals as the Scottish Typographical Circular.
There can be little doubt that the chief strike-breakers were the outside "rats" , contempt for whom was freely expressed in union journals which commented in disgusted terms on their "greasy nondescript attire…blotched faces and unkempt locks…[and]hangdog look" ."
Trade continued to fluctuate in the 1880s, and from now on worries were regularly expressed in the STC: "however reluctant we may have been to realise the position into which we were slowly but surely drifting" the threat was now a permanent reality."
Their pay, expressed in pence per 1000 ens, varied, but was still less than a man's.
The women who spoke to Margaret Irwin were themselves inclined to adopt the same low value of their work that they heard expressed by the men.
Masters and men, although deeply divided over the substantive issue as to whether women should be employed at all, were therefore united in a male solidarity which expressed itself — in public at least — by a discourse disparaging women and the work they did.
Edinburgh employers tended to express the latter view, trade unionists the former.
These are expressed with differing degrees of formality in the form of statutory provisions, case law and conventions of the constitution.
(b) They are not written down in any formal sense in that they are not expressed as Acts of Parliament nor are they established by judicial precedent.
The law-making power which Parliament intends to delegate should be expressed in clear and unambiguous language.
It is not concerned with the merits of the instruments but rather with whether the special attention of the House should be drawn to the legislation in that it:(a) imposes a tax or fee on the public or a charge on the public revenue;(b) is made pursuant of an enactment containing specific provisions excluding it from challenge in the courts;(c) purports to have retrospective effect when there is no express authority in the enabling statute;(d) has been unduly delayed in publication or laying before Parliament;(e) has come into operation before being laid before Parliament and there has been unjustifiable delay in informing the Speaker;(f) is of doubtful vires or makes some unusual or unexpected use of the powers conferred by the enabling statute;(g) calls for any special reason of form or content, for elucidation;(h) is defective in its drafting.
Sometimes it is given the opportunity to express its views more formally in the course of debates following the publication of Green and White Papers.
Indeed the view has sometimes been expressed that there is a clear advantage in keeping the scope of this privilege indefinite.
Concern has been expressed about extending further the Prime Minister's powers of patronage.
The right to demonstrate against unpopular causes has long been considered a bulwark of liberty in any civilised society, enabling groups within that society to attempt to influence public opinion, to express their solidarity, to pressurise government and publicise their cause.
Concern has been expressed that the ordinary principles of criminal liability will draw into the net other non-violent demonstrators who may be  considered to be assisting or encouraging the conduct in question and that unless such people leave the scene quickly they might face the serious charge of riot.
He had an express power to delegate this function to a committee which, in turn, attempted to further sub-delegate its functions to an executive officer who issued a directive to a farmer that only sugar should be grown in a particular field.
Rarely is this expressed in the statute.
The court may intervene where there has been a failure to comply with express procedural requirements.
They have, for example, suggested that even where there is no express requirement to consult, such a requirement may be implied on the grounds of fairness.
It is therefore very important that schools provide a forum for employers to express and explain their concerns.
If performance indicators are designed to measure change, and goals are expressed in terms of improvement, this process will be easier.
Compacts may, of course, set attendance targets which are expressed in  percentage terms.
However, Compacts are managed by Partnerships which should invite participation from a wide range of the different groups in a community whose aims are: 1) to work together to address the needs and interests of nil participants, and 2) specifically to challenge the assumptions which underlie the anxieties expressed in a)— e) above.
I teamed up with a well known Devon journalist Phil Day, then on the Express & Echo, on an unofficial freelance basis.
The Sunday Graphic, Sunday Express, Sunday Dispatch…all of them were provided with a stream of unusual and slightly saucy stories.
Alan's by-line was to be seen as a foreign correspondent for a number of national papers including the Daily Express, Daily Sketch, Sunday Times and he also wrote for Mail on Sunday.
Any claim that a certain state or government, regime or society is "really" or "in the last analysis democratic, however implausible it may seem, must involve the implication that in some way or other the government, regime or state in question serves or represents  the people; that the" real"will of the people is expressed through it, or that the people support it, even if this support is not necessarily demonstrated through such formalities as elections.
John Stuart Mill later expressed much the same view.
He was therefore equally clear that majority decisions would not necessarily embody the general will or express the general interest.
A recognition of the worth of every human being, however obscure or impoverished, and a new stress on the positive virtues of the working poor, as well as their contribution to social and economic life — these were some aspects of the  democratic spirit of the times, expressed by Wordsworth in many of his poems about the people of his native region, such as Resolution and Independence, Michael, and The Old Cumberland Beggar.
Raymond Aron expressed this conclusion succinctly: "there is government for the people; there is no government by the people."
These are the groups and organizations which express the vast diversity of interests within society.
Is it the will of those most directly affected, the local community, which should determine the outcome, or the will of the nation as a whole, as expressed through the decisions of Parliament?
But how is that concern to be expressed?
Inequality in wealth and economic power, in other words, is a form of political inequality, which contradicts the principle of political equality expressed in the slogan "one person one vote" .
Parliament is not bound to follow public opinion, however clearly it might be expressed.
First, there must be a climate of freedom within which opinions can be freely expressed and discussion conducted without fear or restraint.
These thoughts, which approached problems from many different angles, were not necessarily expressed in a very intellectual way.
From the Eleventh Dynasty, in the Coffin Texts and the Book of the Two Ways, the Underworld has become a realm with many danger which must be conquered and which express the natural fear of death.
It seems that at a Sunday dance at the "El Greco" Bar, she expressed some sympathy towards the revolutionary movement and somebody overheard her.
Some of the members of our community had taken the decision to join the mass political organizations or the armed struggle but that was their personal choice and the community never expressed an opinion on the subject.
At our Sunday Mass, you can see how we all come together to express our silent opposition to the regime.
But none the less the community is expressing support for the FDR-FMLN in ways which it is really surprising to see.
ANDES 21 de junio (Asociacion Nacional de Educadores Salvadorenos) is a founder member of the BPR and openly expresses its support for the FDR-FMLN, while both the state and the Catholic universities have been consistent critics of the lack of democratic and civil liberties and have argued cogently for the need for social and economic reforms.
If anything, its members have become more radical and new sectors, including school inspectors, technicians and teachers from the private sector have expressed support for ANDES:
They published an open letter to the junta expressing their determination to save their fathers, husbands and sons from the international conspiracy threatening their country.
And for this reason we have expressed our support for the Programme of the Revolutionary Democratic Government of the FMLN-FDR.
The women's organizations are also an important source of information for many refugees who would otherwise be isolated from events in their country and a channel by means of which they can express support for the revolutionary movement:
Others, who have experienced life in the controlled zones or are members of one of the mass organizations, express wider expectations.
After the triumph, we will have to concentrate on educational work so that women are at last in a position to express demands.
As criterion referencing is concerned with descriptions of performance this exercise may give an indication about how some criteria might be expressed.
Substitute numbers in a simple formula expressed in words and evaluate the answer; e.g., gross wage wage per hour x number of hours worked; total cost number of units used x cost per unit + standing charge.
The above examples indicate that if the amounts to be added are expressed in different units (£ or p in the second and third questions above) then the question becomes much harder for the bottom and middle third pupils and even for those in the top third in the last example.
Substitute numbers in a simple formula expressed in words
For example, it would appear that substituting in a simple formula expressed in words is too difficult for lower attainers, although superficially it seems to require little more than following simple instructions.
The questions on clock time showed that a high proportion of pupils understand time expressed in terms of 12 and 24 hour clocks.
Some pupils expressed strong negative views on having to deal with the two systems, and several tasks were tried out in two versions, one with metric units and one with Imperial units, the version with Imperial units often proving to be easier.
Expressed in the simplest terms, however, normal flight depends on the creation by a propeller-like action of the wings of a zone of low pressure in front of and above the insect and one of high pressure behind and below it, the consequent movement being a resultant of the thrust provided by the insect and forces due to gravity and air-resistance.
It is expressed without superfluity by the conditional with "if" rather than the conditional with "since" .
We need to restrict x a bit more in order to express what we want.
Expressed one way, as we generally shall, they are of the form If a occurred, then even if any events or conditions logically consistent with a and b had also occurred, in place of those which did, b would still have occurred.
What we have, further, might be expressed in several different logical notations.
Finally, Malcolm Fraser, ex-editor of the Standard and of the Daily Express became first honorary press adviser and subsequently was employed to run the press bureau at the colossal salary of £1,200.
Daily Express: I am much obliged to you for the precis of Mr Bonar Law's speech last night.
In 1911 Steel-Maitland invited Blumenfeld of the Daily Express to Central Office for a two-way exchange of ideas and advice.
One such scheme involved the purchase of the Daily Express by Max Aitken with party funds, but the party was also propping up the Globe, the Standard, and a wide range of provincial dailies.
The later history of the Daily Express suggests not: when the Express became hostile in the 1920s, Younger raged "when I think of the large sum of money this office has put into that gutter print it makes my blood boil" .
The support for the Express in 1912"provides for the introduction of £50,000 or $60,000 to retain the only half-penny paper the Party possesses in London, and no less a sum than $700,000 to £1, 000,000 would be necessary to start a similar paper if the Daily Express were allowed to go.
That this Conference, while recording its desire to see working men in Parliament on the Unionist side, thinks it undesirable that any distinction should be made between them and other members, and therefore expresses the opinion that all Unionist organizations should select and support with all their power the best candidate they can find to represent their constituency, irrespective of his social and financial status.
The party view, express d well by the Conservative Agents"journal, was that the Unionists in the Speaker's Conference had been taken in by the Liberal members, that they had not sought or received any professional advice, and that they had blundered accordingly.
Thus nobody seems to notice that the oddest thing about the STV is precisely that it is a single vote — for that is what it is, no matter how many preferences are expressed.
Some satisfaction, let it be conceded; and it will certainly be true that most voters will find that a candidate for whom they have expressed some preference will have been elected.
The name must not be taken to imply that the elector has only one alternative: he is at liberty to express as many preferences as there are candidates.
Preferential voting expresses a judgement about relative worth.
To transfer the first 5,626 papers that came to hand would mean ignoring the 8,907 other papers on which Paisley was placed first, and the system reasonably requires that the second preferences expressed on those papers should also be taken into account.
It is, for instance, not altogether easy to write about preferential voting without conveying however unintentionally the  impression that all the preferences which are expressed will be effective.
He may then express lower preferences — faute de mieux by definition — for candidates of Party B. But that will by no means necessarily imply any wish for a Party A/Party B coalition.
Suppose I stop there, even though I could express as many preferences as there are candidates.
The argument in favour of plumping looks at first sight convincing enough: in the later stages of the count your own party will stand a chance of benefiting from the transferred lower preferences expressed by supporters of other parties, whilst those parties will not benefit from the transferred lower preferences of your own supporters since they won't have expressed any.
After I have given my first three preferences to Apple, Banana and Cherry my fourth preference, if I express one, will count only if Apple, Banana and Cherry have been either elected or eliminated.
A party may reasonably ask its supporters to give to all of its candidates all of their higher preferences: it has no good reason to tell them to refrain from expressing further preferences.
In general voters in Ireland, like voters in all democracies, express primarily a choice in favour of one political party.
PR realistically recognizes that parties provide the only channels through which the political verdict of the electorate can be expressed, that parties are indispensable to the formation of governments, and that what matters most in the outcome of a general election is not which candidates have been elected, but how many of this, that and the other party.
In no country in which preferences among list candidates can be expressed are the relevant numbers anything like so great as in most of the West German Länder.
Considering how widely they would be dispersed throughout an extensive electoral region, would they all the same be knowledgeable enough to express judicious preferences among the numerous names put forward?
A list thus compiled will derive from choices more intelligently made and more efficiently expressed than any that could emerge from a primary; and if in recording regional judgements it should not be entirely pleasing to a party's national headquarters, so much, most provincials would say, the better.
He displays a wide range of diplomatic skills such as always speaking the other person's language, being acutely sensitive to customer needs and creatively expressing genuine appreciation for a job well done.
Companies express their personality conservativeness or entrepreneurial flair, self-aggrandisement or customer sensitivity — through all aspects of design.
He goes to great lengths to maintain these contacts, telephoning them at regular intervals to find out how things are going, to express a genuine interest in their welfare, to see if he can help in any way.
The "new" classification schemes offered the possibility of flexible display in a one-dimensional sequence (i.e. along shelves), and the differences between the Library of Congress Classification, Cutter's Expansive Classification, Melvil Dewey's Decimal Classification, Brown's Subject Classification and Bliss's Bibliographic Classification (to name the prominent enumerative schemes that arose) were mainly of notation (the symbols used to express and mechanize the position of each subject within the sequence) and of general order.
Whereas previous schemes, such as that of Dewey, presented an enumerated list of subjects in hierarchical layout with appended notation (e.g. decimal numbers) to express the system in practice, the Colon Classification distinguishes a range of "facets" in each major subject area, which the classifier combines (like a set of parts) to form an extended symbol which both expresses the specific subject and its relationships and also allows for its easy insertion in and retrieval from a store sequence (e.g. a shelf).
Such are the mechanisms of the human mind that angry condemnation of homosexuality is often expressed by these very people.
Chorleton's replacement, about whom little, not even his name, is known, suffered as the first Master to be subjected to the complaints of the local community, expressed formally to the Goldsmiths by William Davenport of Bramhall in April 1545.
Yet I cannot relinquish the Situation without expressing my Obligation for your appointment though the Emolument fell short of what I was taught to expect.
"We cannot close the report without mentioning the great satisfaction expressed by the Mayor and Corporation and Inhabitants of the Town of Stockport at the re-establishment of the School, and the high sense they entertained of the liberality and kindness of the Goldsmiths' Company."
He expressed the hope that a "definitive answer would be sent from the Corporation of Stockport at an early day" .
The Corporation expressed their satisfaction with the endowment and their conviction that it would be ample for the purposes of the School.
The first meeting of 1886 was specially convened to pay tribute to the work of the late Mr. Lister Ives, Under Master since Coombes had left in 1862, and to express sympathy to Mrs. Ives and her daughter.
The Headmaster expressed his concurrence with the suggestion as the Technical School could supply subjects of instruction not dealt with at a Grammar School, and stated that he had under consideration a scheme as to classes and fees having this object in view."
The visit originated at the request of Sir George Courthope, Prime Warden of the Goldsmiths' Company, who expressed to the Headmaster his wish that the boys should have the opportunity to see this fine example of the work of the Company.
From among the 130 candidates who had expressed an interest in the Headmastership, Mr. Hugh Raymond Wright was eventually chosen.
The motivating questions are not so much what, as why and how.From the linguist's angle, it is "Why does the author here choose to express himself in this particular way?"
Although this metaphor of style as some kind of "adornment" or "covering" of thought or meaning is no longer widely current, it frequently appears in Renaissance and rationalist pronouncements on style, and is implicit, for example, in Pope's well-known definition of wit: True wit is nature to advantage dressed, What oft was thought but ne'er so well expressed.
We can also point to grammatical parallelisms which, although not devoid of content, merely seem to have an elaborative function, providing further examples of a concept already expressed: "The sweetest rose hath his prickle" already conveys, by proverbial extension, the meaning "even the best things are alloyed with bad" , and to that extent, the repetition of the pattern in "the finest velvet his brack, the fairest flour his bran" , is redundant.Lyly might not, one imagines, have added his last piece of pattern, the similitude of sanctity, unless he had hit on the alliteration of "holiest head" and "wicked way" .
Rather, an enlightened dualist will search for some significance, which we may call STYLISTIC VALUE, in a writer's choice to express his sense in this rather than that way.
Such a claim would clearly be limited to the grammatical aspect of style, and even here, to say that a text has a "neutral style" is to mislead: the choice of expressing one's sense in elemental, disconnected sentences has its stylistic value as much as any other choice (see 7.4.2.).
But monism has had many other manifestations: in the philosophy of Croce, in the one-form-one-meaning postulate of pretransformational linguistics, and not least, in some authors' own sense of the artistic integrity and inviolability of their work; in Tolstoy's words: "This indeed is one of the significant facts about a true work of art — that its content in its entirety can be expressed only by itself."
One might even argue that the monist, if he followed the logic of his position, would not be able to discuss language at all: if meaning is inseparable from form, one cannot discuss meaning except by repeating the very words in which it is expressed, and one cannot discuss form except by saying that it appropriately expresses its own meaning.
At the same time, the formalism is broken up (particularly in the last and longest sentence) by elements which will ease transition to a lighter tone of comedy: for example, the bantering irony signalled by the parenthesis of "though (of course ) an undeniably fine infant" (directed against a general human frailty, partiality of parents for their offspring, rather than against the more repellent form that partiality takes in Mr Dombey); also, the fanciful extensions of the well-worn personifications of Time and Care, again expressed through parenthetical elaboration of the syntax.
A different kind of style, and a different kind of rhetoric, is employed in passages where Dickens wants to move us with compassion: notably in Paul's death scene, where he can afford to use simple syntax and vocabulary (expressing the simple images of the child's mind) in the assurance that understatement will merely intensify the reader's sympathy:[4]Paul had never risen from his little bed (1).
For example, frequency of nouns can be expressed as a percentage of the number of words in a text: X should normally be a more general, superordinate category including the feature being counted.
An alternative method, useful in some cases, is to express frequency in terms of the ratio of occurrences of one category to occurrences of another: for example, the ratio of nouns to adjectives.
Another, related, tendency is in the occurrence of adjectives which express strangeness or lack of definition, often by the use of negatives: half-submerged, mysterious, incomprehensible, unmarked, devious.
Although Conrad does not use conventional similes of the kind "X is like Y" , he uses a range of constructions which express or imply similitude: "resembling some mysterious system…" (1), as if abandoned for ever.
Except for that of the tug being "swallowed up" , these metaphors are expressed through modifying adjectives.
It is easy to Find more simple language in which the same ideas might have been expressed in a more humdrum context: delay for procrastinate, for example, or pay for remuneration.
The frequency of such clauses is not surprising, since they express some proposition or thought which is related, by the main clause, to the person experiencing it.
The negative particle not occurs four times (twice in its suffixed form n't), but more important are instances of implied negation: only ( "no more than, nothing else than" ) occurs three times, without twice, and there are in addition the negative prefixes of unwilling, improper, and the wards but (2), save (9) expressing exception.
The rather pompous periphrasis "the candidate for the honour of taking his education in hand" doubtless represents the boy's self-centred view of Pemberton, but in language quite above the boy's apparently limited powers of expression: what it seems to express is Pemberton's image of himself as he sees it reflected through the mind of the child.
These express the content of Pemberton's inner consciousness: "Pemberton gathered that the weakness was in the region of the heart" (10): "he would have liked to hear the figure of his salary" (3).
The qualification "as it were" in (1) suggests Pemberton's own inner voice; "that he couldn't find it" in (4) suggests the boy's peremptory style of speech; something really superior in the way of a resident tutor"(11) suggests the Moreens' way of expressing their requirements in the style of genteel private advertisements.
Unlike [9], these sentences do not treat the two events of shutting and clicking as separate things: in this respect, as in other respects,[12]and [13]are just different ways of expressing the same sense as [3].
Each qualitative foregrounding implicitly begs a question: what should have led the author to express himself in this exceptional way?
It is we, however, who have to work out the connections of similarity and contrast between the expressions in the groups A to L, which thereby become representative of something more general, which could not be expressed by simply adding together the literal senses of the words.
The formalistic nature of the language helps to express the mystery of unexplained tradition that governs the boy's upbringing.
I cannot express to you the enchanted effect produced by this Arabian scene of colour as the wind blew aside the great waterfall behind which we stood and hid.
He placed a strong emphasis on welfare measures, expressing again his concern for the victims of the Depression.
In 1937 he expressed alarm about the spread of violence in the world, and spoke of the need for international action to "quarantine" the aggressors.
With these words to the press, Harry Truman expressed his feelings at the news of Franklin Roosevelt's death on 12 April 1945.
He is probably the best example of a belief often expressed about the presidency — that the man holding the office grows in stature to fit the highest position in the nation.
By mid-1946, serious alarm was being expressed within the USA about Soviet expansion in Europe (coupled with the revelations from Canada of a Soviet atomic spy ring), and a tougher line began to emerge from the White House on foreign policy issues.
In September 1946, the Secretary of State, James Byrnes, made a speech expressing America's determination to rebuilt the economy of the American zone in Germany whether the Russians agreed or not.
Their campaign focussed on "the mess in Washington" , and the main issues were expressed in a simple formula: K1, C2 — Korea, communism and corruption.
Hearing of the arrest of Martin Luther King in Georgia, he telephoned King's wife to express his sympathy and called for the release of the highly respected civil rights leader.
While Toynbee Hall "expressed the spirit of Balliol" , Oxford House came out of the more "missionary" Keble College, Oxford.
Newbolt was quick to express his hostility to the whole notion of formal "institutions" .
In an address to the English Association, Henry Newbolt had himself expressed his antipathy to institutions of any kind (see p.32), yet both Newbolt and the Association played a crucial role in the preparation of this government report.
The Committee begins by expressing surprise that the position of English within the educational system has "scarcely any history" However, such a revelation could only be surprising in the light of the Committee "s own characterization of" English"as a discipline of education, dependent in itself upon quite recent social developments (see pp. 44–5).
Art is approached through a sense of the writer's individuality and independence as taken to be expressed in poetic, and increasingly prose works.
It is interesting to compare the Nottingham view with that expressed by James Kinsley, the new Professor of English at Swansea, in 1954.
It became conventionally acceptable to bemoan the difficulties involved in living a cultivated existence during a period of poverty and dislocation, often expressed in terms of the inevitability of failure, the absurdity of effort, and the necessity of resignation.
John Butt, reviewing developments in English studies within the new universities in 1963, expresses the fear that adequate teaching and examining "may be defeated by numbers" , D. J. Palmer also argues that, more generally, postwar university expansion and the resulting rise in numbers taking English, has caused an influx of students unprepared for single subject study into the universities.
Certainly, during this period it is common to find English teachers expressing a sense of the futility, or at least extreme difficulty, of attempting to influence in the direction of submission to great works of literature, students socialized into a culture of "affluence" .
The end of the 19505 had seen the eclipse of "the last epoch of the dominance of literary criticism in English culture" and the emergence of  cultural styles appropriate to consumer capitalism (qualitatively new kinds of magazine, advertisements, television programmes, and political campaigning, for example) .97 By 1969, Leavis is to be found expressing his "sense of the urgent gravity of the contemporary cultural situation," a frightening face of the gravity being the blankness — the inability or refusal to perceive — that characterises our civilization".
Writing in 1959 of the teaching of English in these universities, Dyson expresses a certain pessimism in the light of the powerlessness of "men of liberal principles to perform their proper function as guardians of" civilised values".
Federal Express Corp. of Memphis, Tn. now operate thirty-two of these "minifreighters" .
FEDERAL EXPRESS
From 1966 to 1969 Frederick W. Smith, Chairman of Federal Express Corp.
At the height of this committee and other administrative work, Roderick often expressed his desire to return to his mathematics and, in particular, to write a sequel to his famous book (with R.A. Frazer and W.J. Duncan) Elementary Matrices.
This is the best measure of fitness, since it expresses the greatest rate at which an individual can exert himself.
By virtue of being hand-made, all oriental rugs can be said to be unique — a weaver, no matter how hard he or she tries to follow a particular design, will invariably make small mistakes or innovations which will impart some individual flavour to the work — but it is rare to encounter a rug in which the weaver has consciously striven to express his own creative ideas at the expense of a traditional design.
Unlike their Western counterparts, who usually strive for individual expression and the creation of a new visual language, oriental textile artists are more content to reproduce the time-honoured designs of their ancestors and seek to express a collective rather than an individual view of their world.
Meaning may be expressed by specific Chinese characters (Shou, for example, indicates long life or good luck), or by the particular animal, bird or plant most closely associated with each quality or fate.
After the presentation, ask questions and express views.
Whatever the reasons may be, the ability to express your own ideas clearly, logically and concisely is an important study skill to be developed.
An essay in Arts, Social Science and Business is an intellectual exercise and an aesthetic challenge: you attempt to structure your thoughts and to express your own ideas on a particular topic or question in a concise, elegant and persuasive written form.
An essay tests your ability to analyse a given question, to develop a line of argument, to explain clearly what you mean and to express a point of view so as to persuade — if not always to convince — the reader of the strength of your case.
Conciseness is a virtue — so express yourself economically.
(Grateful thanks are expressed to Dr Julia Thomason of Appalachian State University, North Carolina, for this example, taken from her own creative work on critical thinking skills.
Expression Can the candidate express ideas clearly, effectively and concisely?
Some begin by expressing the need for drugs; then become physically or mentally dependent on drugs and can't cope with life without them; some eventually become addicted to drugs.
However, learning about your own sexual nature and how to express your sexual feelings don't just come naturally — despite what popular songs may say.
Like other gender differences, this too is becoming more blurred as both sexes become more liberated — that is, more free to express themselves as individuals in ways that are right for them.
For there is a dilemma along the way — expressed so poignantly by the very young pregnant schoolgirl who, in response to the question: "But didn't they tell you about sex in school?" replied "Oh yes, they told me what to do — but nobody said how much I'd want to do it!"
But physical disabilities can make it difficult for you to express your sexuality.
A good deal of real embarrassment can be caused by simply giving an expensive item to a journalist who knew she would not be able to write about a product in any depth but expressed a wish to buy it.
Make a note of all requests made for further information and of any interest expressed in ideas for features.
Your father read the Daily Express.
erm another area of my work is  as I er writing workshops, the writing workshops are very different from the normal writing workshops there based at galleries and they take groups of people round an exhibition recording their comments on either one particular picture or the exhibition as a whole and then with my help we put the comments into poems that are then displayed along side the exhibits, erm this work I do with erm all sorts of people with children people with special needs, disabled people and, and that's really where my interest in art erm comes in and I find that its a great leveller for people who would like to express themselves and have perhaps have difficulty by aiding, by looking at paintings and being able to see perhaps emotions or images that they, they feel themselves, so in all areas erm I find painting in my areas of work, painting influences me and has done for as, as long as I can remember.
express
Can I say, I, I can express concern about that because I think that in terms of funding I've written A short term and B long term erm I think we've got a short term problem and
Angela's expressed a view.
Yes, but ticky boxes, and expressing themselves in other
erm  you know the, what they wish to express is not available on the
Can I also say that the  erm  the fear expressed about Woolwich, I believe to be fairly well founded  Woolwich building, a Woolwich er, Building Society  had been on   erm, entered into  a long time ago on this  erm  and the letter that was read out at Potter Street area committee from Woolwich indicated that they hadn't yet decided whether they would proceed  and er  I think is  I've talked to the publican since they have promised us an answer this week  er  we are intending, we have spoken, Dermot's also spoken to our managing director  we are confident we will have an answer from this week  and I have to tell you that I think the answer will either no, or it will be so hazy that we'll need to take some action and make a decision.
I sa , as I say, I met this morning with the three members from Potter Street  erm  we do have various alternative proposals  for sa ways forward should the village back out  and what I can say to you at this stage is that we have another meeting scheduled for next week, we will be meeting with the Resident's Associations keeping them fully informed  erm  we will ensure that the letter goes back to Mrs  who  and the other Resident's Associations who expressed concern there  and that we will be taking, I hope, I hope because I'm gonna have to say if Woolwich back out we're going out we're going have to move very fast and do some quite  erm  in-depth work.
well may I propose that  we put all this  along of the lines with flexible  that they expressed the committee tonight and use ?
When this was put to the Environment Trust  erm  they were  er, unaware before that stage that there were  erm  may be proposals of developing that land  and expressed an interest in being involved  if that ever came to fruition.
er, it depends on one's own tastes, I personally don't like the open planned that I've seen in very modern houses where, erm I, I don't quite know how to express it but it does seem to me odd to be on one floor level and then two feet up you're on another level and er, that's one aspect of the open plan that doesn't appeal to me and I don't quite understand why it's necessary to have everything that's going on in one room with pieces of furniture designed to act as barriers between the different functions or purposes for which you give parts of the room.
I am s one that has just been recently appointed to one of these er regional  ecumenical teams and at a meeting that was held for the three presbytery areas in the sort of west coast of Scotland, around the Greenoch area, erm  it was, it became apparent that all these people who are being appointed er through their, their churches are  in the main  clergy and the convenor of the local committee himself a ruling elder of the Church of Scotland expressed concern about this, that there is no real er and I would just put it to the, to the assembly, there is  there is no need for these members to be members of the clergy, in fact it would be good if presbyteries remembered when making a nomination  eh that it, er it needn't be, it could be a, a an elder or indeed er a lay person holding no particular office within the church.
Now before we  move further I'd like to take this opportunity of expressing on your behalf  our thanks to Hugh  here for the service that he's rendered our church to this point in time but particularly as the convenor of the Board of World Mission and Unity.
Within the assembly council I personally valued your contributions  the very courteous and thoughtful way in which you presented these  and the courage with which you expressed at times the stand that you had to take for the interest of the Board.
I think it's significant that on page one eight six of our, of the blue book, we report four sentenc for er lines from the top  two presbyteries expressed a desire for the whole practice of infant baptism to be re-examined, only two presbyteries.
There we read in line seven of the desirability of retaining a bilateral contact between our two churches on matters of doctrine  a desire express, I'm glad to note, by our Roman Catholic friends and that's good.
All other doctrines are very secondary to that, and the question is  are we to express that reality  or must we continue to obscure it.
We must express it for the world to see and to believe.
Erm  certainly I will carry back to my fellow bishops  what is expressed here, concern about the  question of sacramental intercommunion.
And I think the, the kinds of er ministries expressed in item nine erm in which service delivery and the changing needs of individuals and the regular personal crises demand that kind of er linking and working together.
Er  Laker with his Skytrain, the people's express, we had a lot of new airline operations starting up which offered cheap seats so that the relative cost of flying was coming down.
You've got to get your casualty from the cause, but make sure it's safe for you, now if it is a, a place where you've got to get your casualty out and you haven't got a lifeline and I must express this really that there must be two of you and if you are going in you only go in if you think it is safe to go in and you must have a line attached to you and there's somebody outside, so that if you do get erm overcome by fumes or whatever, they can pull you out, you are safe, they'll see to you, if there is no hope, you don't try to be the hero, what you do is go and make a phone call and get the professionals in, because they don't want to come along and have to deal with two casualties, when there's only one.
Typically in the open ocean situation  sea water contains thirty fives parts per thousand of salt, usually expressed as that symbol, sometimes you'll see it written as parts per thousand P P T  and what that means is that there are thirty five grams of salt per  kilogram of water  and that's usually given the symbol S and is referred to as the salinity.
So for example you can see chlorine  the percentage of chlorine in solution expressed as a, a per centimetre solution is something like twenty four thousand but its percentage in crustal rock is nought point nought one three so there's this big excess of chlorine to explain.
And that would be calculated as the total amount dissolved in the ocean divided by its rate  either of addition  or removal  so if we're assuming steady state the two will be the same, whichever is easiest to ma measure  and that would normally be expressed in years
But at a time like that when  i it's  devoted to the fallen in a war and men who were the heroes of the war say it was disgusting, you know, and  and how they, they expressed themselves I thought was  was a very very significant thing, it made a very very strong impression.
And they have very specific impacts because they all result  their effective result on an interaction with a specific receptor  and  er  an activity I would express on that receptor or as a result of the er  erm  the uptake of the toxins.
The membrane doesn't use toxins  like the lytic toxins that staphylococcusorius expressed er  they're often detected by their immunelytic properties, see the  in the er, in the bacterial passage.
Erm  the law college have expressed an interest, and I'm temping for them this week so I'll chase them.
She felt deeply moved by this picture of his plight; it exactly expressed how hard he was to understand, how hard just to talk to.
Nor did it agree with the fear expressed by Lord Hewart.
Secretary of State for Social Services, ex parte CPAG ,([1989]1 All ER 1047) the Court of Appeal affirmed a decision of the High Court in which the trial judge had said that the practicability of such speedy decision making was not such that the Secretary of State was required to appoint sufficient adjudication officers to enable claims to be decided within 14 days, and recognized that workloads may lead to delays beyond the time limit expressed in the Social Security Act 1975.
During observations of social security appeal tribunal hearings the vast majority of chairs were found to be courteous, sensitive and at pains to be helpful to appellants, reflecting, presumably, the ‘enabling’ role that has been stressed under the new regime and the belief expressed by all chairs that hearings were fundamentally ‘inquisitorial’.
Many appellants reported extreme anxiety and bewilderment and confessed to having had difficulty expressing themselves.
Conciliation officers are often reluctant to express an opinion about the likelihood of success before the tribunal, but will make clear an opinion whether the case appears to them one which is strong or weak and so ought to settle.
The Commission expressed concern at the figures showing that the unassisted lay person was at a disadvantage:
The contents of the skeleton arguments should be a list of numbered propositions expressed in no more than one or two sentences which counsel proposed to argue.
Their use was not envisaged in every case; express reference is made to the submission in simple appeals only of material counsel would expect the court to note in detail.
In the English appellate courts it may be true to say that change that can be based on reasoning by analogy and the evolutionary development of legal rules is the most that can be expected, and that major changes of direction require legislation which, to overcome the bias of judges in favour of the status quo, must be unequivocally expressed.
She knows that if she had pointed this out to William, and expressed her own wish to take child, and papers, to the Common, William would obligingly have offered to stay at home and chop carrots and peel potatoes and keep an eye on the lamb in the oven.
Now, if you set these changes against the objectives of the concurrent advertising campaigns for these brands, expressed in terms of changes of attitude, you find — if you are lucky — that the attitudes have, indeed, changed in the intended direction.
Different agencies use different methods for actually setting down strategies, but an increasing proportion insist on using ‘consumer language’, expressed in terms of the intended or desired reactions or responses to the advertising.
The case study themes have been expressed in this way because I am anxious that the political implications, the implications for collective social action, are to the forefront.
It can best be  expressed by reference to Walker's (1984:6) definition of ‘structural incrementalism’ which:
In fact, universalistic welfare legislation coupled with the prioritizing of the retention of full employment as the key objective of publicly expressed economic policy seems absolutely characteristic of the organized capitalism of workshop Britain in the 1950s and 1960s.
In a revealing passage, Cast ells (1977) dismisses any role for historical actors in favour of‘support agents expressing particular combinations of the social structure through their practice’.
This action centred-account can be extended to allow for conflict between local interests and system forces expressed through the state system and becomes analytically interesting when there is a radical working-class political domination of local government.
The capital logic of Harvey's work is continually expressed in the functionalism assigned to the built environment.
The view that the East Ropery Banks site might be considered for ‘high value’ housing in order to provide potential consumers for the shopping centre had first been expressed in the Poulson Report of 1965, but it had greater saliency by 1971 because the authority was already dealing with its second property company (Town and City) and it was clear that market conditions made the redevelopment of North Shields centre a highly marginal project.
These young people are already able to offer a range of skills such as wordprocessing and DTP (Quark Express), proof reading, and print production knowledge.
Within the holdings, the biggest disappointment was Thomson Corporation, which failed to live up to the hopes expressed in the last article that (a) the travel side would benefit from the collapse of Intasun, a major competitor,(b) that the results of the North American (and at a later stage UK) newspaper interests would reflect a developing cyclical upturn, and (c) that the professional publishing companies would maintain their profits momentum.
Since it depends on an argument, it must be able to be expressed as a conclusion.
(It is a standard practice to express principles of this sort in logical notation, but  for our purposes each logical formula will be followed by its English equivalent, as here.
Although this theory is expressed formally it can easily be given intuitive support.
The probability of h given e is expressed as correlations generally are, on a scale from 0 to 1.
My beliefs — the things I use words to express, with more or less success — must be true.
Third, although some comparison between my present experience and others is necessary for me to know what words to use in description, and although such comparison, especially in the case where the objects compared are a past and a present experience, is fallible (since memory is fallible), still the comparison is not what I am trying to express when I try to express my beliefs about my present experience alone.
So the fallibility of the comparison does not extend to show the fallibility of the belief expressed; it only shows the fallibility of the expression of belief.
And Chisholm claims that in the non-comparative use, appear-statements express what is ‘directly evident’.
Chisholm considers various objections to his thesis that there is a non-comparative use of ‘appears white’ which expresses what is directly evident (and therefore true).
And therefore (d)‘this is [sic — should be ‘appears’: JD]white' does not express what is directly evident.
We must distinguish the belief that a speaker has about the words he is using from the belief that he is using those words to express.
We might hold that our beliefs about our sensory states are always justified to some degree just because of their subject matter (non-inferentially, therefore), whereas most other beliefs are justified inferentially if at all; one could suppose this in an attempt to make sense of the empiricist idea that our beliefs about our present experience have a stability which other beliefs lack, in virtue of which they are able to justify those other beliefs and thus meet the empiricist demand (vaguely expressed here) that all our knowledge be grounded in our experience.
Wittgenstein's own method of achieving this is expressed using his much-disputed notion of a criterion .
Equally, anti-realism as a response to the sceptic relies on the view that we cannot understand propositions whose meaning is such that they express (or purport to express) evidence-transcendent facts.
I have expressed phenomenalism so far as if all phenomenalists agree that observation statements report the nature of the reporter's own sensory states.
For surely it is compatible with VP, as expressed, that two sentences should have the same observational consequences but differ in meaning.
They certainly express viewpoints which find echoes among his contemporaries and they are not out of key with  what we know of his character and of his piety, which was manifested in his crusading enthusiasm, the expulsion of the Jews, the Eleanor crosses, the foundation of Vale Royal abbey and his almsgiving.
Another noteworthy aspect of Circumspecte agatis is that it reminds us that legislation at that time was by no means limited to parliamentary acts, but could result from decisions of the king and his councillors, expressed in general writs to his justices and sheriffs.
In January 1326 Reynolds recorded that he had not convened a council of prelates and clergy since 1323 because the king had expressed his wish that none should meet without his consent, even though by canon law provincial synods should take place annually.
John XXII repeatedly expressed the same hopes in his correspondence with Reynolds.
On the one hand John promoted Adam Orleton in 1317 to Hereford against the king's express wishes.
In November 1976 the European Council, meeting in the Hague, merely expressed ‘great interest’ in the Report.
The SPD and trades unions continued to oppose German rearmament and to express an interest in a reunited, neutral German state.
But Flavia was unwilling to express what she strongly if obscurely felt—that a matter of trust was involved.
Indeed, this latter aspect of femininity is emphasized by some recent writers on masculinity who protest that men do not have such a wonderful deal in the world, since the social pressures on them to contain rather than express their emotions are oppressive and restrictive, stunting their full emotional development.
Much of this sort of hostility can be expressed in the practices of trade unions.
Even expressed in this way, the rise in the divorce-rate has been striking.
One teacher expressed what she was trying to do as follows:
The teacher expressed concern that, although he could write quite well in English, he only did so when writing collaboratively with his friend (who was absent); she thought that collaboration might be becoming an avoidance strategy, to get out of the frustrating task of attempting to write in English.
Some Sutton pupils expressed worries about being picked on by the ‘bigger ones’ and were concerned about going into the same playground.
When discussing the different resources they might use, they expressed an unrealistic concern as to whether Sutton pupils would be able to use the books from the school library.
It was a salutary experience for many pupils to hear, during a collaborative writing session, a whole series of vivid images and even a suggestion about what is required in order to create poetry, forcefully expressed by a Sutton pupil.
(2) STRATEGIES TO ENABLE CHILDREN TO EXPRESS THEIR IDEAS
Practical investigations are central to helping children to express and develop their ideas.
The conversation between group members often reveals ideas that might not be expressed in other circumstances.
In some areas, such as vision,what happens to the food they eat, explanations of day and night, shadows and plant growth, many children had well-established views which they had little difficulty  in expressing.
Children are often reluctant to express their ideas for fear of being wrong.
Yet it was from our jottings and provisional attempts to express and solve problems that we became able to formalise our thoughts and write coherently about our work.
He is almost immobile though his eyes express a thousand shades of mood.
Writing Item 30 is ‘Expresses own feelings and opinions in writing’.
The report Educational Opportunities for All (ILEA 1985) remarks upon the enthusiasm expressed by London teachers for this method of working and recommends that an evaluation of support teaching be carried out as a matter of urgency.
In June 1950 the Daily Express described him as ‘at 32 the Royal College  of Art's youngest teacher, a brilliant exhibitioner in London and New York, and one of our most sought-after magazine illustrators’.
Its awe-inspiring interior space was to an extent destroyed by the exhibition display demonstrating how the urge to discover and explore had been expressed throughout the ages.
In satirising the art world Minton was in effect expressing anger at his own role within it.
‘We Queens must stick together,’ Minton had once told John Norris Wood who had expressed surprise at Minton's devotion to the Queen Mother.
That function which language serves in the expression of ‘content’ we will describe as transactional,and that function involved in expressing social relations and personal attitudes we will describe as interactional.
This procedure is not often made explicit, but an overt commitment to the constructed-data approach has recently been expressed in the following terms:
The regularities which the discourse analyst describes will normally be expressed in dynamic, not static, terms.
This is clearly an approach which takes the communicative function of language as its primary area of investigation and consequently seeks to describe linguistic form, not as a static object, but as a dynamic means of expressing intended meaning.
Similar conclusions are expressed by Creider (1979), Givóon (1976, 1979b), Rommetveit (1974) and Tyler (1978).
In summary, the discourse analyst treats his data as the record (text) of a dynamic process in which language was used as an instrument of communication in a context by a speaker /writer to express meanings and achieve intentions (discourse).
This traditional view continues to be expressed in those linguistic studies (e.g. lexical semantics) which describe the relationship between a language and the world, in the absence of language-users.
If we were to take a formal view of the entailments of such a declarative sentence (like that, for example, expressed in Smith & Wilson, 1979: 150f.), we would be obliged to accept as entailments a set of sentences which would include the following:
The implications of taking context into account are well expressed by Sadock (1978: 281):
You may wonder why it is reported that He seemed to resent them,which may suggest that he was unable to express his own resentment, which may limit your range of potential interpretations of the expression He.
It merely expresses the ambivalence which is a common human experience where some aspect of an entity pleases you and some other aspect fails to please.
Our experience of particular communicative situations teaches us what to expect of that situation, both in a general predictive sense (e.g. the sort of attitudes which are likely to be expressed, the sort of topics which are likely to be raised) which gives rise to notions of ‘appropriacy’, and in a limited predictive sense which enables us to interpret linguistic tokens (e.g. deictic forms like here and now)in the way we have interpreted them before in similar contexts.
It may be because their investigation is primarily concerned with children's speech, but, in describing the discourse topic as the ‘question of immediate concern’, Keenan & Schieffelin appear to replace the idea of a single correct noun phrase as expressing the topic with the idea of a single correct phrase or sentence.
The implication in their study is that there must be, for any fragment of conversational discourse, a single proposition (expressed as a phrase or sentence) which represents the discourse topic of the whole of the fragment.
Correspondingly, we will suggest, there is, for any text, a number of different ways of expressing ‘the topic’.
Each different way of expressing ‘the topic’ will effectively represent a different judgement of what is being written (or talked) about in a text.
Their disagreement would be over ways of expressing ‘the topic’.
There are informal ways of expressing the topic, even in conversational discourse.
If there are, as we have already argued, a potentially large number of different ways of expressing ‘the topic’ of even a short written text, how does the analyst determine which is the one correct expression of the topic for the text?
We shall look at a fragment of spoken discourse, not in terms of how we would characterise the participants' shared information, but in terms of a process in which each participant expresses a personal topic within the general topic framework of the conversation as a whole.
Although the points made in extract (11) could have been expressed objectively as statements that certain buildings in certain locations  are more beautiful since restoration, both speakers relate such statements to personal experience.
Speaker B's view of the conversation has consequently become one in which she is no longer expressing a personal topic, but is waiting to discover ‘what I think you (not we) are talking about’.
It also seems reasonable to assume that you, the reader, apart from making sense of it, could, if asked, give a large amount of information about it which is not explicitly expressed in it.
Evaluation: students express their opinions, compare the passage with others
It is the shortening of a passage for general consumption, and aims to maintain the same information content, but to express it more economically.
Describing things, instructing people how to do things — Making suggestions and giving advice, expressing enthusiasm, persuading
‘Listen, freak, that DK had more bottle than Express Dairies and if you —’ Ace stopped and lowered her arm.
The fingers of one hand were tapping frenziedly against the palm of the other, as if all the excitement in his body had to be expressed through the movements of one set of digits.
This time around Waris Hussein used a full complement of four cameras instead of the two he had opted to use in the pilot, having expressed a preference then to experiment with ‘moving camera technique’.
Indeed, the idea dated way back to Sydney Newman's original brief about the series, as handed to Donald Wilson, where he expressed a wish to see a show done with an everyday garden made to appear every bit as hostile as an alien planet.
Only when all four episodes were completed did Verity Lambert express doubts.
They completed the epic length ‘The Daleks’ Master Plan' story as a joint endeavour early in 1966, but thereafter they expressed a wish to branch outwards and explore new design horizons.
In casting too Camfield was fortunate, landing Jean Marsh, Nicholas Courtney, Peter Butterworth and Kevin Stoney as guest stars, the latter winning the Daily Express 1965 reader's poll for Best TV Villain of the Year.
Turning again to the growing sectors of the economy, there is Western Sunrise: The Genesis and Growth of Britain's Major High Tech Corridor , by P. Hall, M. Breheny, R. McQuaid and D. Hart (Hemel Hempstead, Unwin Hyman; 1987), which examines the factors behind the growth of high-tech in the M4 corridor, points to the importance of government policy, and expresses reservations about the size of the high-tech contribution to employment growth.
For agency policy-makers the consent is an important tool expressing political and economic judgments about water quality.
Standards are expressed quantitatively and each one is formulated not to contemplate exceptional circumstances, instead addressing pollution without regard to mitigating features, such as accident.
Since the legal rules about the control of water pollution are expressed through the discretion of field officers it is important to understand their working definitions of pollution in terms of the kinds of events, activities, or social settings which could give rise to action on their part, whatever its ultimate conclusion.
This concern is expressed at field level in a much more cautious approach: ‘You take extra care where pollution could be visible — parks, lakes etc. — to the public.
Similar doubts were expressed about the study of the environment, which took off about the same time, but this seems to have gained a much firmer academic foothold, despite the fact that such courses range from the physical to the social with, as one CRAC Degree Course Guide put it, almost nothing in common between these two extremes.
Comte's hierarchy is more often expressed nowadays in terms of a spectrum running from ‘hard’ to ‘soft’sciences (spectra are less contentious than hierarchies), but its influence is still apparent at the undergraduate level, although the picture at the postgraduate and research level in the sciences seems to be becoming ever more complex and many-faceted.
One of the least anticipated results of this working out of opinions, morals, and institutions under the guidance of positive philosophy, is the development which must take place in the modes of expressing them.
Nor is being a passive notion, although the nature of its projects or problems is difficult to express.
For what it is worth, my view is that the student of political science is exposed to a wide range of somewhat superficial opinions, most of them barely distinguishable from the prejudices daily expressed in newspapers.
In many cases, however, it is expressed as an intermittent grumbling of practitioners rather than as a systematic counter-argument.
This kind of worry is expressed more often in relation to the newer modular or semi-modular structures than the more traditional general degree which may have well-established patterns and requirements, but it nevertheless seems to be a widespread one.
The author wishes to express his thanks for the cooperation of all those who have provided the information and views on which this current publication is based.
By removing the group which dominates and excludes the experience of women, single-sex schools can allow women to express and validate their own experience to develop some autonomy, to build some confidence.
However, it sometimes depresses me, and again I'm expressing a very personal view I guess, that having tried to teach the students the subject as about ideas, they then insist on learning the subject as things to be learnt and then going off and applying their knowledge to new and more expensive ways of killing people or stopping other people killing us.
Several other students were concerned about their inability to understand what was being taught in the lectures; a commonly expressed view was that they couldn't take notes and follow what was being said at the same time.
This was particularly the case amongst many of the female students, several of whom expressed anxiety about handling machinery or breaking expensive equipment (unlike Paul, who was able to make jokes about it):
He expressed strong dislike of the department itself; it was ‘pretty unfriendly’; the work was ‘irrelevant’.
The most common criticism of the arts and the most strongly expressed, however, was that they are ‘useless’, that is not so much that they are useless to society, but that they are useless to the individual.
This criticism was expressed most often by physical science students, but it was also made by physics students; for example
On more than one occasion the view was expressed that ‘physics is the best degree you can get’— because employers looked on it favourably.
Another expressed the same view:
Whereas the liberal view emphasizes the universal qualities of ‘good literature’ and claims that there is an objective standard by which that literature can be judged, one alternative view, as expressed by Dr S, is that our responses to literature are necessarily subjective.
It is intended to be non-competitive and less about following rules than allowing people to express their own feelings and ideas.
But those arguments were expressed at a time when their implications were seen as inappropriate, unrealistic or unacceptable by many managers.
Comments expressed in the survey revealed that a return to traditional manufacturing techniques and management styles would not be welcomed.
These offices would be organized hierar-chically, with compliance being to superordinate instructions expressed in terms of universal fixed rules.
Such rules would be formalized so that any appeal against the rules could be expressed in terms of a ‘correspondence principle’ linking action and formal rules.
Individual role relationships will tend to be normalized in the calculations which organization agencies make and so management control will be expressed far more in terms of the accountability of individuals.
Instead, they are questions about the sort of social vision which social psychology should express.
For example, Denise Jodelet is expressing universal themes when she writes that ‘the concept of social representations denotes…the knowledge of common-sense’, and that it refers to ‘practical thought.
The universality of social representations is expressed by Aebischer and Thommen (1983), when they characterize social representations as ‘all the knowledge and understanding that a society, or subgroup of the society, has about a given object’(p. 5).
The universality of social representations is also expressed when theorists draw general implications for the discipline of social psychology.
Moscovici (1983) has expressed the position clearly:
In arguing, one not only expresses one's own position, but seeks to criticize, and thereby to negate, the counter-position.
Therefore, if one wishes to study ‘the thinking society’, one should pay particular attention to the contrary themes of common sense or of social representations, and to the argumentative processes by which the thinking society expresses such contrary themes.
What the rhetorical approach points out is that such dialogue expresses the contrary themes of cultural and ideological life.
This view was forcefully expressed by Marx and Engels in The German Ideology .
Simon was not reticent in expressing his dislike for the Jaguar-driving members who had previously snubbed him.
In this sense, the description of themselves as ‘ordinary’ was an identity which simultaneously expressed two things: it indicated their own class position, between the extraordinary highly placed and the extraordinarily lowly placed, and at the same time, by its yearning to transcend class identity, it expressed the tensions of that position.
There is nothing peculiar in this, for different interests can be expressed within the same political party.
Nigel, for one, often used to exaggerate his nationalism, much to the annoyance of his older sister, Laura; he would blimpishly express contempt for foreigners, in particular the French.
Graham, the doubter who would not vote for the local Conservative MP, had even expressed indifference about the Russians taking over South Africa.
Rather, it was typically expressed in the form of jokes.
The pro-Palestinian stance of Nationalism Today is clearly expressed in issue number forty-two (undated, but published in  early 1988): ‘The eradication of Zionism, by the liberation of Palestine, remains the only hope for true peace in the Middle East’(p. 10).
The pro-Palestinian faction of the National Front expressed this view when it asserted that Zionism was an empire ‘which menaces the whole world’; Zionism was ‘an iceberg of hidden power of which the bandit state of Israel is only the cruel tip…
Nationalism Today (no. 39) used familiar graphic imagery to express a similar notion.
Some theorists have drawn attention  to the repressed motivations, which may be expressed by this ‘paranoid’ system of beliefs.
Similarly, this faction of the National Front expresses its support for Libya and Colonel Gadaffi.
Certainly there is a variety of ways in which the central idea of conspiracy is expressed.
In fact, the structure of Vanguards propaganda is similar to that of the National Front in the 1970s, when the antisemitism was muted in the party's magazines, but more directly expressed in recommended books.
Van Dijk's studies of discourse of the Dutch white working-class show a similar pattern to that of the American studies of ‘modern racism’, in that racist sentiments are simultaneously expressed and denied (for example, van Dijk, 1983, 1984, 1985a).
The phraseology ‘I'm not prejudiced but…’, and its variants, suggest a cognitive, or attitudinal, ambivalence, for the phraseology simultaneously expresses two contrary themes.
The work probed the fact that the ideology of modern capitalist society expressed the philosophy of the Enlightenment in a way that simultaneously proclaimed and negated liberalism.
The disjunction between honest attitudinal expression and impression-management is again expressed in van Dijk (1984) when discussing the linguistic devices involved in the denial of prejudice.
This is clearly recognized by van Dijk, who writes that ‘on the one hand people want to express possibly negative experiences or evaluations, but on the other hand social norms force them to make a good impression, and not appear as racists’(1985a: 69–70).
Central to this perspective is the analysis of ‘common-places’, or those everyday phrases which express values (Rokeach, 1973; Ehninger and Hauser, 1984), and which, according to Aristotle, add ‘a moral quality to our speech’(Rhetoric , 1909).
If there is a social taboo against expressing unjustified negative views against outgroups, then the speaker who wishes to express discriminatory views must be ready to search for, and find, suitable reasons.
Nevertheless, there are differences in the ways that the speakers express their views, particularly with respect to the justifications they offer.
The explicit aspects are those which are expressed by the attitude-holder about an issue should the issue in question be a matter of public controversy.
The attitude-holder, in expressing the attitude, may not actually be engaged in face-to-face debate, for what matters is the general context of controversy, not the specific interpersonal context.
The drawings might be the same, but in 1793 the etched line of the Prince of Wales's belly would have inevitably expressed Jacobin, and regicidal, sympathies.
An emphasis upon such occasions, taken in conjunction with the opinion surveys, could lead to the son of conclusion proposed by Shils and Young (1975): the British people love their monarchy and this love is expressed during coronations and suchlike ceremonies with an intensity which borders on the mystical and which strengthens the sense of national community.
Even at this moment of patriotic and quasi-mystical emotion, rationalized functionalism is expressed.
This chapter examines what it means rhetorically to express an opinion.
A sentence like That's a dog can be used to express an indefinitely large number of propositions (every distinct referent for that creates a different proposition).
When it is said (as we shall say) that the sentence That's a dog entails the sentence That's an animal , what is meant is that in any conceivable situation in which That's a dog can (with appropriate reference) express a true proposition, there exists a corresponding proposition (i.e. with no change in the referents of referring expressions) expressible by That's an animal , whose truth is a necessary consequence of the truth of the first proposition.
A particular lexical unit, of course, expresses its semantic identity through such relations, but its essence cannot be exhaustively characterised in terms of any determinate set of such relations.
From this, the principle expressed in 1 would allow us to conclude (correctly, in this instance), that match was ambiguous, and in 8 and 9 represented different senses.
However, the bare mention of £10 cannot carry the ‘at least’ interpretation in contrast to an explicitly expressed ‘exactly £10’:
However, while the logical principles are straightforward, the application to natural language is not quite so straightforward, because the crucial factors — negatives, conditionality, etc. — may not be overtly expressed.
Chomsky (1975) expressed the view that sociolinguistics is a harmless activity like butterfly-collecting, but that it is not ‘theoretical’.
This finding may be interpreted as supporting the view expressed above that the inner-city vernacular, although it shows more complex patterns, is more amenable to description in terms of linguistic rules than outer-city speech.
Furthermore, bearing in mind the reservations about changes in different varieties that I expressed in section 5.2 above, the early date suggested here for the loss of the velar fricative does not affect the fact that there are dialects of English (in Lowland Scotland) which have not yet lost the fricative.
The history of ModE /a/ is a traditional bone of contention, and views have been expressed on it by a gallery of famous names from Henry Sweet onward (for a review, see Lass, 1976).
Most of life, after all, is spent within four walls, and the space they define, the objects that fill them, the prospects on which they open, inevitably influence and express our consciousness.
Although the eighteenth-century house was essentially public with its absence of corridors and its interconnecting rooms, expressing what Henry Wotton had described in 1624 as ‘the fond Ambition of displaying to a Stranger all our Furniture at one Sight’, it nevertheless made generous provision for those who wished to make their journeys privately, within the mind.
The new taste rejected Baroque extravagances such as Vanbrugh's Blenheim (Fig. 2) celebrating Marlborough's great victory in 1704, where architecture expresses pomp and circumstance, in favour of good sense, proportion, use, the harmony of a building with its site (Fig. 92).
The Gothic decoration of its rooms expresses a variety of moods, but in some instances, as in the library (Fig. 4), qualifies for the adjectives of the Gothic novel.
Neither good taste nor wealth, as its novelists keep telling us, can transform a house into a home, for a home does not consist in the quality of its architecture or decor, but in the quality of the lives that it expresses.
Because these qualities have no relation to aesthetics, a true home, in the eyes of the novelists, is not defined by its likeness to other houses of similar or superior social standing, but rather by its individuality expressed in unpretentious honesty; its contents, that is, are determined by the affections, not by conformity to an agreed standard of ‘taste’.
Here, if anywhere, was a domestic order that expressed community, a model for life as well as a model for art.
Even bourgeois rooms may come to express values other than the merely material, as in Figure 11, a seventeenth-century Dutch copy of the famous painting by Quentin Massys,The Money Changer and his Wife (1514), which in its turn may be based upon a lost original by the fifteenth-century Flemish artist, Jan van Eyck.
In Lawrence's Women in Love , completed in 1916, Birkin contemplates the purchase of a ‘clear, beautiful chair’ which expresses for him the living thoughts of ‘England, even Jane Austen's England’, before these were destroyed by ‘sordid and foul mechanicalness’.
They both express the same, slightly ironic, delight in the munificence of old houses: Cobbett, when walking through the Duke of Buckingham's park, remarks in a manner that anticipates Harold Skimpole's: ‘I, like POPE'S cock in the farm-yard, could not help thanking the DUKE and DUCHESS for having generously made such ample provision for our pleasure .
Because they do not have the sublime sensations of princes, they do not express their passions in the same dignified tone; but that contrast, in itself, should make more truly pathetic the fate of their superiors.
Although in her writing this objection is expressed in literary, not architectural, terms, it chimes exactly with Sir John Soane's criticism of NeoGothic: ‘Irregularity is…too generally admitted.’
It is no accident that two of Jane Austen's titles —Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice — should express symmetry and invoke proportion; while two others —Mansfield Park and Northanger Abbey — should not only be taken from houses, but can be read, respectively, as an apologia for Palladianism and a satire on the Gothic taste.
This is identical with the view expressed in Pugin's Contrasts nine years before, where the Utilitarian measures for poor relief — of which, as Pugin depicts them, Lord Mamey would certainly have approved — are juxtaposed with the supposedly benign regime of the medieval monastery as Gerard describes it (Fig. 19).
Although an older house, it moves with its time in that is expresses the highest values of the middle classes in words such as‘homelike’ and ‘comfortable’, those used to describe Monk's Topping as well as Matching.
As at Matching and Monk's Topping, one is   struck by the personal nature of the virtue expressed by the house.
The ideal is splendidly expressed in the seventeenth century by Ben Jonson in his poem ‘To Penshurst’:
Both Groby and Branshaw Teleragh, in the novels of Ford Madox Ford, are nostalgically conceived, for they express the passing  of the possibility of that kind of order that Disraeli had hoped to see revived in them.
They did not express community, clustered around the green and church, in the adventitious manner of the true village; they were drawn up in parallel lines to each side of the road.
This uncertainty might, on the one hand, encourage social commentators in the attitude expressed by a writer in The Economist in 1848: ‘In our condition suffering and evil are nature's admonitions; they cannot be got rid of; and the impatient attempts of benevolence to banish them from the world by legislation, before benevolence has learnt their object and their end, have always been productive of more evil than good.’
This appeal to common decencies has traditionally been expressed in  developing policies that are a direct response to current needs.
It is worth noting that, though Professor Hoskins points to John Clare as almost the only rural poet to express his dislike at the destruction of his native heaths, William Barnes wrote in a very similar vein of Dorset.
One must have been born and have worked all one's life in such a landscape to understand its secret life, to be able to feel its poetry, and to express it.
These tasks may be conducted by the originator or one or more of the consultants who may have expressed a willingness to help.
In the process they seem to lose their emotional resonance, no longer expressing the reality that practitioners originally tried to capture.
Hitler no longer seemed to be speaking to convince; rather,he seemed to feel that he was expressing what the audience, by now transformed into a single mass, expected of him .
Secondly, visionary style is expressed through strategic process .
The participants can fail to express their views, the experts' expertise can be withheld, people can fail to attend, fail to contribute, or fail to follow through.
This is expressed in a number of ways such as regional and marketing diversifications, the attraction and risk of moving into new and untested product markets, broadening and changing technological resources and, more radically, changing the fundamental directions and goals of the organization.
These are not my words, they are the Lolita chap, Nabokov's, but they express better than I ever could my feelings.
They are the anxieties of our times, born of the idea that the individual must in one way or another (any damned way, as a matter of fact, even confessing to having been abused as a child) express his uniqueness and fulfil his potential.
A number of well-known directors have expressed an interest in the script, which is in first draft.
Some are waiting for God to express an opinion.
It is usually expressed in the vaguest terms, like a horoscope in the newspapers.
They are strongly moved to express themselves outside the confines of their lovely bodies, while, of course, conscious that a large part of their appeal lies just there.
Their analysis may not go any deeper than that, but it is expressed in a way which impresses Letterman, a sort of passionate commitment to the power of the idea which he has — subversively — been advocating in Hollywood for years.
Hegel's use of this Romantic tradition to develop his idealism with respect to the rationality of the actual and his striving for the transcendence of duality do, however, find their parallel in Simmel's highly positive attitude to art, affirming its ability to express and overcome fragmentation.
I have often expressed my view that object-relations exist from the beginning of life, the first object being the mother's breast which to the child becomes split into a good (gratifying) and bad (frustrating) breast; this splitting results in the severance of love and hate.
In common with Langer, Bourdieu stresses the relationship of this object world to feelings rather than language; it is those expressions of disgust, distaste and discomfort which best express our sense of something being ‘wrong’.
Just as with manufacture, the artefact may be used to express not actual efficiency but an ideal of function.
Such a field is commonly organized according to the principle of style, which may be defined as the use of certain limited dimensions upon which the variability of a domain is expressed.
Ironically, that set of ideas and ideals which expressed the legitimacy of form following function was most effective in ensuring that function followed form.
As well as outlining the ways in which the leisure class expressed their status, Veblen clarified the two major means by which such strategies were extended into society in general.
It is an aesthetic clearly expressed in the cool, detached and ‘difficult’ forms of modern art.
These objective conditions are interiorized through habitus as desire expressed in taste.
The result is very different from the ideas expressed in chapter 6, where it was suggested that one of the many results of the rise of material culture as a mode of cultural form was its ability to multiply and keep apart a plethora of hierarchies and diverse spheres.
In contrast to Bourdieu, Baudrillard believed that people have become merely the vehicles for expressing the differences between objects.
Nevertheless the HMI secondary survey expressed some disquiet at the complexity of option schemes and the resulting individual curricula so generated, in addition to their general concern about the extent of the ‘core’(too many pupils were discontinuing study of important subjects well before the end of their schooling).
Various commentators, therefore, have expressed concern about the lack of attention to the whole curriculum across the primary school; and the Inspectorate in its primary survey was unhappy with the extent of discussion that took place between schools to establish curriculum continuity.
The questions on the core curriculum concerned its nature, i.e. whether it should be a narrow core or cover most of a pupil's curriculum, and the way it should be expressed, i.e. in terms of school subjects or educational objectives.
The document argued that a school would be more effective in achieving its aims if they were written down and it suggested six possible aims expressed at a high level of generality, for example: to develop lively enquiring minds…; to acquire the knowledge and skills relevant to adult life and employment in a fast-changing world.
A major critique of the document expressed concern about the nature of the analysis, not just in terms of the way the curriculum was described, but in terms of the view of culture that was used to select items for inclusion in the curriculum.
These aims, it argued, should be used as criteria for determining the scope of the formal curriculum, which could further be expressed in terms of eight modes of activity: linguistic and library study; mathematical studies; scientific study; social studies; creative and aesthetic studies; physical activity; religious studies; morality.
Most notable is the observation that the reliance on subjects to express the actual curriculum can be seen as a rationalisation of its present form.
In the secondary survey the Inspectorate expressed concern for the balance, breadth, complexity (of options) and coherence of the curriculum.
The primary school survey expressed concern for the range of work, i.e. too much emphasis on the basics, and the lack of continuity (a point we have noted already).
We will look at the details of the exercise in Chapter 8; for the moment it is worth noting that the review centred around an analysis of school subjects in terms of skills, concepts, and attitudes (expressed in terms of aims and objectives), and an analysis of the contribution of subjects to the eight areas of experience.
However, the DES speculates about the possibility of an ‘agreed record’— a record of discussions between staff and inspectors which should indicate that the different views expressed have been dealt with fairly.
Likewise, Jarmen, a former adviser, expressed concern about the requirement for subject advisers to take on general advisory functions many of which they were not qualified to carry out.
Faculty/department aims/goals/priorities/intentions expressed in terms of concepts and/or skills.
TASK 7 demanded that they express their personal feelings in relation to the experience of being ignored or bored.
it was a symbol of the new mood in the country that ordinary people wanted to participate in politics whereas in the past protest had been expressed through local guerrilla risings and religious demonstrations.
Among those Cabinet Ministers entrusted with the discussions the view was expressed that in talking to the Burmese they would not encounter ‘the purely ‘Bazaar approach’.
Some of their opponents, like Hatta and Sjahrir, expressed sympathy for the sufferings of the Dutch, but Sukarno offered no word of sympathy.
The Bandung communiqué had stressed the urgency of an early solution, and strong Afro — Asian support was expressed for the Indonesian case at the UN though eventually the familiar device of a Good Offices Commission was accepted.
In July 1963 Sukarno's intentions were clearly expressed: ‘We will destroy Malaysia.
Concern for the worsening conflict was expressed when the Commonwealth heads of government met in 1965.
Nehru was also hounded by part of the press led by the Daily Express , almost to the day of his death.
He flatly denied: Macmillan expressed relief that no ‘shift of policy was taking place’.
‘Now that you've expressed your condolences what about the Fraser girl?’
I too have grown lazy in expressing it, snuggling up to you
M. Chaillot quickly expressed his regret that Jean-Claude should be grieving.
I was surprised that Madame expressed herself so warmly when she spoke of Nissim.
I could tell that Otto's face expressed more sympathy than he felt.
In the absence of an express provision, the profits are to be shared equally.
Equally, a partner cannot be expelled by the other partners unless there is an express agreement to this effect in the partnership contract.
Therefore, without express authority by deed, a partner is unable to buy or sell land, or execute a legal mortgage on behalf of the partnership.
Although a common seal may still be used to execute a document, a document signed by a director and the secretary, or by two directors, and expressed (in whatever form of words) to be executed by the company will have the same effect as if executed under the common seal of the company.
The normal forms of express covenant contained in a lease include amongst others a covenant to repair by the tenant, and a covenant that the tenant will not sublet the premises.
Can a landlord exclude liability to pay compensation by means of an express term in the lease?
These are usually express, i.e. stated in the terms of the lease, though covenants may also be implied.
However, since the presence of the deceased on the premises was in direct contravention of an express instruction issued by the brewery to their manager, the brewery were not liable; his permission to remain on the premises had ceased at closing time, 10.30 p.m.
On an appeal by the plaintiff the Court of Appeal held (dismissing the appeal) that in so far as the rules of the club provided that two of its officers were to be responsible in law for the conduct of the club then (in the absence of an express provision that the officers were responsible for the condition of the club premises) the rules did not give rise to a duty of care towards individual members to maintain the club premises in a reasonable state of safety and repair.
Schubert (1960, p. 223) states that: This view is shared by Downs (1962, p. 1) when he states: In more general terms (see Held, 1970) we can say that the term ‘public interest’ is used to express approval or communication of      policies adopted or proposed by the government.
Figure 2. 1 expresses the complexity and interrelationships of these groups.
It is a statement that expresses future plans in financial terms; the plans become firm commitments for which funds have been allocated.
To express in financial terms capital works necessary to meet the objectives expressed or implied of an organization within an accounting period or periods.
This relationship is usually expressed as a percentage.
First, in policy terms, it indicates the direction of the economy and expresses intentions regarding the utilisation of the community's resources.
Future cash flows are thereby expressed in present value (today's) terms.
Simply expressed, every time there is a change in cash flow sign, from positive to negative or vice versa, calculation by the IRR method produces an additional solution.
The rate is expressed in ‘real’ terms; that is, it is used to discount costs and benefits expressed in terms of constant prices.
(Daily Express , December 1989)
While agreeing with the general views expressed in paragraph 64 (a) above, the PAC proposed more radical changes.
Whoever the commentator is, the opinions expressed are often only beliefs based on sketchy information that is only indirectly relevant.
The aim of the auditor should be to link programme processes; for example, the number of children receiving a particular immunization vaccination should be linked to the outcome, here possibly expressed in terms of a decrease in a particular illness or infirmity.
collective, institutionally mediated roles expressed in the structures of expectations are essential as for the transformation of regions into places [i.e. collective concepts into individual ‘action spaces'], centres of feeling of belonging to time-space specific, more or less abstract reference groups or communities.
Liberal democracy describes the political system in a number of countries that meet certain criteria, such as the freedoms to form and join organizations, to express opinions, to vote and to compete for votes and to stand for public office, plus the holding of free and fair elections and the existence of institutions which ensure that government policies reflect popularly expressed preferences (Johnston, 1989d, after Dahl, 1978).
As Wohlenberg (1980, p. 677) expresses it:
Second, it has been around the definition and significance of culture that some of the sharpest disagreements and disputes in the field of multiculturalism and antiracism have been expressed.
From this point of view, culture is no longer understood as what expresses the identity of a community.
Teaching English, being a metaphor for a policy of enforced cultural assimilation, dovetailed with the view expressed by a large proportion of heads and teachers that ‘immigrant’ cultures — the desire to hold on to which was seen as evidence of a ‘ghetto mentality’— were an educational hindrance requiring vigilant exclusion from the culture of the school (Brittan, 1976).
Although it was mindful of such factors as teacher racism and recognized that ‘West Indian’ parents expressed considerable interest in their children's education, the Ramp ton Report succumbed to other cultural essentialism which replicated the presuppositions of earlier debates about working-class families and educational ‘underachievement’.
Lord Scar man, in constructing his view of the Brixton disorders expressed anxieties about the black family in almost identical terms to those of Ramp ton (Scar man, 1982, pp. 24–5).
Multiculturalism, as expressed in the Swann Report or in the writings of Jeffcoate, James, Lynch and Parekh, is based on the premise that the key issue facing schools is how to create tolerance for black minorities and  their cultures in a white nation now characterized by cultural diversity or cultural pluralism.
One major difficulty about these notions of prejudice and stereotype concerns the all too common assumption that individuals hold prejudiced views consistently and express them and act in accordance with them in a systematic and uncontradictory manner.
Thus Billig and Cochrane (1984) report that during their research a white girl, who in discussions with them had expressed strongly racist views, was seen walking out of school arm in arm with an Asian girl.
In Philip Cohen's research (1989b) white working-class youths in south London expressed more or less sympathetic views on blacks depending on the context and topic of conversation.
Some of the most common forms of ambivalence, of course, are expressed in disavowals such as ‘Some of my best friends are…’, or ‘You [some]are all right , it's the rest…’.
They stress the often fragmented and  piecemeal character of the racial hostility expressed by some white people in their survey: some of them blamed black settlers for housing shortages but not the loss of employment opportunities, for example.
Note the important educational and pedagogic conclusion Phizacklea and Miles draw from their research: the significance of immediate daily experience in producing and reproducing inner-city working-class racism, in conjunction with the backdrop of a widespread nationalist culture of racism in British society, means that those who express racist hostility ‘are very resistant to modification as a result of argument from outsiders’(ibid., p. 120).
Indeed Troyna and Carrington have themselves expressed doubts about the efficacy of such initiatives (ibid., pp. 114–19).
It recognizes that most discourses, and especially individuals, are likely to express a complex combination of strong and weak racism and ethnocentrism (and nationalism), and that these may change in emphasis in different historical institutional and interpersonal contexts.
A range of ‘black’ groups have begun to explore, construct and express identities and experiences not exhausted by the experience of and struggle against racism, or the polarization between social democratic and revolutionary strategic positions.
This problem with the language of antiracism is acutely expressed by the lack of clarity that surrounds the term ‘antiracism’ itself.
The ‘racial’ criminal subcultures of each group are seen to wantonly violate the laws and customs which express the civilization of the national community and in so doing provide powerful symbols which express black difference as a whole.
The recent history of our struggles has shown how people can shrink the world to the size of their communities and act politically on that basis, expressing their dissent in the symbolism of disorderly protest while demanding control over their immediate conditions.
In the first case, they are held to reflect or express social realities external to them and to need no further analysis than that.
In contrast, if you are white, and unless you actually subscribe to racist arguments, you will want to find ways of dissociating yourself from the views  expressed here.
It expressed resolution.
The Open University was also the subject of debate between Alix Bowen and Teddy Lazenby of the Department of Education and Science: Alix's face was expressing a most delicate mixture of disbelief, disapprobation and polite attention as Teddy, somewhat indiscreetly presuming on their long, if long-interrupted, acquaintance, revealed what were clearly his own opinions on the inadvisability of wasting money on the education of housewives and taxi drivers.
Brian did not like parties, according to Alix, and had expressed fears that he would know nobody at the Headleands', but this was not so, for he had already engaged himself with his habitual courtesy with old Sir Anthony.
Liz had never admired, and had at times expressed somewhat freely (and in her own view wittily) her lack of response to Henrietta's frigid style and vapid conversation, but nevertheless felt herself, in Henrietta's presence, rendered almost as dull as Henrietta, and moreover uneasily aware that in other houses, in other milieux, at a distance, in other circles, she had seen Henrietta sparkling, laughing, surrounded by life — vacuous life, feverish small talk, no doubt, but life — a life that froze in Liz as she contemplated her guest's stiff blue taffeta gown (this was surely a gown, not a dress, and, not even English, probably French), her exposed  white bosom, her diamond necklace (well, probably diamonds, why not?), her high white forehead, her thin dark-red lips.
It expressed both distance and presence: it was both of the background and of the sharpest proximity.
Esther, at the end of the meal, expressed her satisfaction with her new companions by inviting them to go with her to visit a friend already attending the college, an Old Girl of her school.
Deprived of any effective legal mechanism through which to express their discontent, the peasants expressed it instead through rural disturbances.
So far as the prospects of stability in the countryside are concerned, revisionist work has stressed that, whenever consulted, peasants continued after 1905 to express an unequivocal demand for the abolition of noble landownership.
Bolshevik maximalism spoke to their needs, expressed their frustration.
‘The intelligentsia’, in Lenin's much-quoted words, ‘is called the intelligentsia because it most consciously, most decisively and most precisely expresses the development of the class interests and political groupings in society as a whole.’
Nevertheless, the ‘socialist’ intelligentsia expressed the interests of the non-socialist peasantry.
This expressed precisely the interests of the peasantry.
True, all peasants still shared a common interest in the overthrow of the remaining traces of feudalism — including the tsarist regime itself — and the SR Party founded in 1901 came to express this common ground.
As soon as the authorities were in no position to prevent the lower classes expressing their wishes — in 1905, in the elections to the workers' curias for the Duma elections of 1906, 1907 and 1912, and in 1917 itself — their demands in large measure coincided with those of the major revolutionary parties.
A number of reservations have been expressed with regard to the employment created by rural manufacturing industry, concerning both type of jobs and type of firm.
Benjamin often expressed regret at the passing of ‘traditional’ art and the social ties and functions which had made it possible.
Nevertheless, even if their cosmology, like that of all religions, was expressed in fantastic terms, the Siberian  natives, like the ‘primitive’ peoples of any land, had a rational enough view of the world which surrounded them, in addition to a wealth of practical knowledge about the forest and its fauna, and about crafts and hunting techniques.
On the other hand, the low prospective profitability could be due to the enterprise becoming trapped in a clearly sub-optimal line of production, i.e. one in which consumers were simply not willing to pay a price for the commodity sufficient to cover its costs of production (including the opportunity cost of investment funds expressed in the rate of interest charged by the national investment bank).
In terms of the concepts outlined above we could express Marx's views thus: the economic class of proletarians (propertyless sellers of labour power) will necessarily become increasingly homogeneous in respect of income levels and conditions of life and work; this will result in the increasing ‘non-pertinence’ of social collectivities based on branch of industry, religion, nationality, sex etc., and the increasing pertinence of the social collectivity coterminous with the proletariat itself; eventually as a result of the process of struggle this social collectivity will become organised into a corporate body — the trade union movement — and a political force: the communist movement or party.
The indicative voluntary nature of planning in this period expresses a fundamental problem at the heart of state intervention in Britain.
For instance people may express themselves against the trade unions in general terms, yet support the claims submitted by their own union on their behalf.
The trading position of the British economy is one crucial factor here, not only as expressed in the ex post trade balance but also in the constraint posed on expansionary demand management.
In Western society the value placed on human life is expressed in terms of the following norms.
Thus if the major values of society are expressed in the various parts of the social structure, those parts will be integrated.
In Marx's words, ‘The existing relations of production between individuals must necessarily express themselves also as political and legal relations.’
Ideology can be seen as a set of beliefs and values which express the interests of a particular social group.
In particular, the political and legal systems will reflect ruling class interests since, in Marx's words, ‘The existing relations of production between individuals must necessarily express themselves also as political and legal relations’.
Like all such oppositions it was cliquy, largely conversational, expressing itself in ‘private grievances, expressive silences, above all in abstention from praise or at the most, timid insinuations’.
Fast motion can be used to express erotic tension and desire, if the  purpose is comic rather than romantic — if we had laughed at the romantic yearnings of Cecile or even Frankie, the film would be failing, even though the treatment of these themes is throughout as much comic as tragic —‘bitter-sweet’ seems to be the compound word, or better still the mot juste is ‘douce-amère ’.
Finally, fast motion can, after all, express speed, especially when it is used subjectively, as in so many car chases — the one in The French Connection , 1971, is a better example than most, and includes similar speeded-up shots of the subway/elevated railway.
A reader has suggested that the belated realization that you're talking to an ex-lover is best expressed by the old Tallulah Bankhead crack: ‘I didn't recognize you with your clothes on.’
It is because values can be most effectively defined and expressed in words that the study of literature claims a central place in humane studies.
Ever since men, whether they could read or write, have entertained values they have sought to express these in symbols.
In the cameo the Greek craftsman and his Roman colleague expressed in miniature the ideal forms which in marble sculpture serve for many as the material embodiment of the Graeco-Roman genius.
What is common to all is that as symbols of excellence precious substances embody and display values and it is by entertaining and expressing values that men declare their identity as human beings rather than as mere primates.
To express the awkwardness of the Spartan position Thucydides uses awkward language (i.88): the Spartans voted, he says, that the ‘libations’ had been broken and took a decision for war not so much because they were persuaded by the arguments of their allies as because they were afraid of the growth of Athenian power.
Nowhere else is an ‘us-them’ mentality so clearly expressed; but their technical proficiency and factual command of state business must have enabled such men to acquire great and even lasting power — again, at the Assembly's expense, despite their need to pose as agents of the popular, that is of the Assembly's, will.
Perhaps it is right that the official institutions of a community should express moral judgements on behalf of its law-abiding members — but why should it have to take form of punishment ?
Marx described the consciousness of people in a situation of class conflict as ideological , meaning that although they might represent and believe their ideas to be objective and of universal validity, in reality these ideas express and serve class interests.
But even if they were to be drawn up from scratch with the express aim of reducing the level of severity in sentencing, there would still be a danger that discretion might simply be displaced to an earlier point in the system, such as the prosecutorial decision.
It is said that 60 per cent of the human genome codes for proteins that are only expressed in the nervous system, so the real reason that human brains are different may be because greater genetic control has allowed them to evolve more rapidly; if that is the case, taking to the trees may have freed the smell-brain, but it was its susceptibility to rapid evolution that led to the neopallial explosion.
The advantage to the loser of not being misunderstood and expressing the animal equivalent of a white flag are obvious.
What the opponent observes is either an attempt at manipulation or costly delays by the other party, expressing apparent lack of interest.
The birthplace of the novel is the solitary individual, who is no longer able to express himself by giving examples of his most important concerns, is himself uncounselled and cannot counsel others.
It deconstructs the language of communication, representation, or expression (when the individual or collective subject may have the illusion that he is imitating something or expressing himself) and reconstructs another language, voluminous, having neither bottom nor surface…
‘If I were to set aside all those communications which are expressed or expressible in words written, spoken or signed — what would be left over?’
On the other hand, for those who regard language with suspicion, especially written or printed language, on the grounds that it misleads and confuses as much as it informs and expresses, eliminating words and sentences exposes a level of communication of unsuspected richness, one in which human beings express their true meanings.
Because although it could be argued that what an utterance means is readily recoverable by anyone who can read printed English, it is important to understand that what the speaker wishes to express is more often than not defined by the factors which get lost in the process of transcription.
The notion of speech acts was introduced by the Oxford philosopher J. L. Austin, who pointed out that in uttering this or that well-formed sentence a speaker is doing something over and above expressing its literal meaning.
In fact, according to Austin there are more than a thousand of these acts which are performable in English, and unless the hearer or reader recognises which of these is being expressed by the utterances in question he or she has missed the point.
The result is that instead of trying to recover the often indeterminable illocutionary force intended by the author for this or that character, the actor finds himself inventing someone who might have wished to express this or that speech act by means of the speeches assigned to him in the text.
In which case the non-verbal concomitants of the various utterances are improvised as if for the first time, and in the best of all possible productions an unforeseeable Lear, Macbeth or Rosalind emerges in performance, and the speeches come across expressing meanings which would have been hard to foresee from reading the bare text.
His unexpected presence may be interpreted, rightly or wrongly, as a deed deliberately intended to express his courage or defiance.
It is important to distinguish, as far as one can, between behaviour which wordlessly betrays information, behaviour, that is, from which an onlooker may glean something, and non-verbal behaviour which is performed with the express purpose of communicating this or that information.
Scientists even begin to express openly their discontent with and unease over the reigning paradigm.
The dictum of the ancient Greek philosopher Protagoras, ‘man is the measure of all things’, expresses a relativism with respect to individuals, whilst Kuhn's remark ‘there is no standard higher than  the assent of the relevant community’ expresses a relativism with respect to communities.
This process, whilst seemingly disruptive, is more akin to unravelling or undoing a complex structure in order to better understand its make-up, but in doing so to express differences in terms of juxtapositions or comparisons, rather than seeking a unitary, univocal dimension based on hierarchical values.
They reveal precisely what cannot be expressed through the closed categories of language or encompassed by the gaze alone.
What they found liberating was Surrealism's sanctioning of an art based on personal reality; and in their quest to express this interior landscape these women went directly to source: to their own bodies.
The male Surrealists used the female body to express an idea, whereas for the women artists it was a very concrete reality.
In contrast, Kiki Smith does not succumb to the convenience of de-humanising the female figure in order to express her protest, if not horror, as Cindy Sherman has lately chosen to do.
The photographs have all the encoded language of fashion iconography, yet seem to wish to express some more personal aesthetic statement.
chicanery of the express train picking its way
This domination can be expressed by the way in which power, technology and ideology come together to produce forms of knowledge that function actively to silence people.
Many families expressed their concern about the repeated illness among children and the increasing number of children with asthma and who were having to use inhalers.
If she does not feel confident that she will be listened to and her views taken into account, she will not express her reservations and probably not administer the antibiotics.
The conclusions of the colloquy express the need for a greatly reinforced gypsy participation, reciprocal information between localities through exchanges and contacts, and general information aimed at correcting misconceived notions about Rom/gypsies and ‘decrystallising’ stereotypes.
The participants expressed the wish that this action be carried out in cooperation with other Council of Europe bodies, such as the Council for Cultural Co-operation, the European Committee on Migration, the Directorate of Human Rights and the Parliamentary Assembly.
The views expressed in the Editorial are those of the Editor unless otherwise indicated.
The views expressed in the material contained in the Review are not necessarily those of the Editor, the Editorial Board, the Publisher, or other Contributors.
This can also be expressed in terms of arrest rates — the numbers arrested over the six month period per 100 in the resident population.
‘The [Son-of-Sam]statute represents a response to the outrage expressed by the public at an offender's ability to profit from his wrong; but what publisher could contract with an offender if he were not certain that the public's response to the offender's story would generate enough profit to make his efforts worthwhile?’
No statute in terms prohibits offenders from telling their story or expressing their feelings.
It is also a part of modern rehabilitation therapy to encourage offenders to express their feelings and experiences regarding their crimes.
Fears were expressed about a slide towards trial by the news media and analogies were drawn with attempts to hold Shylock up to public abuse on the Rialto if he did not discontinue his action.
There is no express provision in the Code which states that a person who has already been charged must be cautioned before making a voluntary statement.
This provides no impediment to the exclusion of evidence under sections 76 or 78 of PACE should the facts merit such exclusion, for those sections can be triggered without any express breach being shown.
However, the court agreed with the views expressed obiter by another division of the court in the case of Emerson (1990) 92 Cr.App.R. 284; where a transcript was provided it was merely a means of presenting the exhibit, which was the tape itself, to the court: if the jury wished to hear the tape rather than rely on the written transcript, there was no proper reason why they should not be allowed to do so.
However this was not a material irregularity; the Court had heard the tape and had the jury done so, it would have confirmed their views, expressed in the verdict of guilty, because they would have heard the gruff, bass voice of the appellant, as described by the victim in his evidence, and any lingering hesitation they might have felt would have been dispelled.
(If this proposition is doubted, consider s.76(4) (b) of PACE, under which a confession, inadmissible as evidence of its truth, may nevertheless supply evidence of the way that the accused ‘speaks, writes or expresses himself.’)
The court attributes the Direction to concern expressed in the Court of Appeal in Novac (1976) 65 Cr.App.R. 107 and Thorne (1977) 66 Cr.App.R. 6 about the overloading of indictments.
Humans express themselves in a complex of visual and verbal thrusts and parries.
He wants to express his deep sympathy to the Humphreys family.
I admire people who express themselves in that way.
Choosing to turn a blind eye to the unlikely drama that was unfolding a few feet in front of her, she merely expressed her gratitude for the imitation topaz bangle that she'd just unwrapped, before turning on her heels and heading downstairs to catch the special seasonal episode of Crossroads .
He is no respecter of titles: when the Daily Express queried his ability, he sent a lemon to Lord Stevens, the paper's proprietor and invited him to suck on it.
Until recently it was Chinese Americans who were the most feared of poker immigrants — above all Johnny Chan, back-to-back world champ in 1988-'89, known as the ‘Oriental Express’ because he rakes in so many pots so fast.
Last week, the Montgomery County (Maryland) chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), tired of waiting for the police to solve the case and for NIH to comment on the report, held a press conference to express its outrage at the events of the past seven months and to demand that the lives of those affected ‘be made whole’.
A corollary is the prediction that cells expressing only the Sos variety of Ras activator may be able to respond only to signals transmitted through tyrosine kinases.
An exciting implication, by analogy with certain tumour cells that express Lewis-X and metastasize to the lungs and liver (the two major systemic organs through which schistosomes migrate), is that this sugar provides a means for the parasite to find its way around the host.
He does not cite the existence of a group of cells in the brain stem that express learning 12 ms after the onset of head motion, before most Purkinje cells in the cerebellum show any response.
Basically Wegman expresses his view of the world as an absurd and irrational place by photographing Man Ray in a variety of disguises — inked-on whiskers and ears cunningly transform him into a cat, in a dress he becomes a transvestite, and in a hotel bed with Fay he becomes the envy of every red-blooded hound on the planet.
Knupffer v. London Express Newspaper Ltd. [1944]A.C. 116;[1944]1 All E.R.
Article 10(1) in terms expresses an absolute right, that of freedom of expression.
In the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in New York Times Co. v. Sullivan , 376 U.S. 254 relating to the First and Fourteenth Amendments to the American Constitution, the sentiments expressed by Brennan J. in his opinion accord closely with the approach of the European Court of Human Rights.
Each of these immunities is of great importance, but the fact that they are all important and that they are all concerned with the protection of citizens against the abuse of powers by those investigating crimes makes it easy to assume that they are all different ways of expressing the same principle, whereas in fact they are not.
As already noticed, the debate on this issue seems to have been concentrated on the position of the person in custody, and successive editions of Archbold continued until as late as 1959 (34th ed.) to express the inhibition against questioning in terms of such a person.
Thus, although the rule is now expressed in terms of a prohibition directed towards investigating police officers, it is in essence a development of the law relating to the admissibility of confessions.
For these reasons I conclude that as a matter of interpretation the powers of the Director do not cease, as regards the questioning of the person under investigation, when he is charged; that the principle of common sense, expressed in the maxim generalia specialibus non derogant, entails that the general provisions of the Code yield to the particular provisions of the Act of 1987 in cases to which that Act applies; and that neither history nor logic demands that any qualification of what Parliament has so clearly enacted ought to be implied.
The clerk expressed the view that they contained inadmissible material because of the hearsay rule and he took the view that the evidence was inadmissible despite the relevant provisions of the Children Act 1989 designed to overcome that difficulty.
The applicants, one a Hindu and the other a Muslim, applied in November 1990, expressing their preference in accordance with the Education Act 1980, for their respective daughters to be admitted to the school from September 1991.
Each applicant had applied for his respective daughter to be admitted to the school in September 1991, thus expressing their preference in accordance with the appropriate arrangements under the Education Act 1980.
Section 6(1) requires the local education authority to make arrangements enabling parents to express a preference as to the school which their child is to attend.
Shortly stated, the main issue is whether a school which is over-subscribed so that it cannot accept all the applications for admission can adopt religious criteria (i.e. criteria intended to preserve the character of the school) in selecting the successful applicants for admission and thereby exempt itself under section 6(3) (a ) from the duty under section 6(2) to give effect to the preferences expressed by parents whose children do not meet such criteria.
In November 1990 each of the applicants expressed a preference that his daughter should be educated at the school.
No doubt the governors' admissions policy must be reasonable but apart from the express statutory provisions in section 6 of the Act of 1980, there is no requirement as to the criteria to be adopted in such policies.
‘(1) Every local education authority shall make arrangements for enabling the parent of a child in the area of the authority to express a preference as to the school at which he wishes education to be provided for his child in the exercise of the authority's functions and to give reasons for his preference.
(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, it shall be the duty of a local education authority and of the governors of a county or voluntary school to comply with any preference expressed in accordance with the arrangements.
(4) Where the arrangements for the admission of pupils to a school maintained by a local education authority provide for applications for admission to be made to, or to a person acting on behalf of, the governors of the school, a parent who makes such an application shall be regarded for the purposes of subsection (2) above as having expressed a preference for that school in accordance with arrangements made under subsection (1) above.
(5) The duty imposed by subsection (2) above in relation to a preference expressed in accordance with arrangements made under subsection (1) above shall apply also in relation to—(a ) any application for the admission to a school maintained by a local education authority of a child who is not in the area of the authority; and…[(6) A local education authority shall, if so requested by the governors of an aided or special agreement school maintained by the authority, make arrangements with the governors in respect of the admission of pupils to the school for preserving the character of the school; and the terms of any such arrangement shall, in default of agreements between the authority and the governors, be determined by the Secretary of State.]
The scheme of the two subsections could be expressed as follows.
Moreover, since, under section 6(4) all those who had applied for admission to the school had expressed a statutory preference for that school, the rejection of any one of those applicants involved a failure to give effect to the preference of one or more parents.
It is not necessary because section 6(3) (b ) is capable of being given full effect without any such implication: it applies where a school is under-subscribed and yet seeks to refuse certain applicants who have expressed a preference for that school: Parliament has indicated that if spaces are to remain unfilled because of admission criteria such criteria have to be agreed with the local education authority.
All who have applied for admission to the school are to be taken to have expressed a preference for that school: section 6(4).
In such circumstances it is absolutely necessary that the school should have an admissions policy of some kind in order to select from all those who have expressed such preference which of them are to be accepted and which rejected.
Such a requirement for express agreement of admissions policy is difficult to reconcile with the more limited requirement that governors should simply ‘consult’ the local education authority which was introduced for the first time by section 33 of the Act of 1986.
Not surprisingly, such policy was held to be invalid since it purported to override the express statutory duty, imposed by section 6(5), to give effect to parental preference whether or not the child comes from the area of the local education authority.
If the same duty was owed to those from within as to those from without the area, the adoption of criteria for selection which distinguished between them plainly conflicted with the express statutory duty laid down by section 6(5).
That case casts no light on the present since there is no express statutory duty to treat all children alike, whatever their religion.
The matters to be taken into account by an appeal committee in considering an appeal shall include —(a ) any preference expressed by the appellant in respect of the child as mentioned in section 6 of this Act; and (b ) the arrangements for the admission of pupils published by the local education authority or the governors under section 8 of this Act.’
Paragraph 49 states that ‘criteria to be applied in the event of over-subscription should therefore be clearly expressed and listed in order of priority.’
It is unnecessary for the purpose of this case to determine whether that decision is or is not correct: I will assume (without expressing any view on the point) that it is.
Then in the last paragraph they express the view that the academic ability of this particular child, not being one of the criteria for admission was not directly in point.
Held , allowing the appeal, that the absence from the Children Act 1989 of any express provision that applications be made either inter partes or ex parte connoted the availability of either course in appropriate circumstances; that on a true construction the court's powers conferred by the Act of 1989 had not been abrogated by the Family Proceedings Rules 1991 so that rule 4.4(4) did not preclude the making of an ex parte application for a residence order, although normally applications should be made inter partes; that the judge therefore had jurisdiction to make such an order and, under section 11(7) of the Act, to attach such directions as might be appropriate; and that, accordingly, in the exceptional circumstances, the court would make an interim residence order to which directions would be attached for the return of the child to the former matrimonial home and for all the children to remain in the father's care until the inter partes hearing of the father's applications (post, pp. 116B, D–E, F, G–H, 117A–E, F–H).
In the absence of express language, section 87 should not be construed in a manner which can only, as in the present case, produce unwelcome and unjustifiable distress and hardship in the event of an untimely death.
also relied on the reluctance of Viscount Simonds expressed in In re ‘Wonderland,’ Cleethorpes [1965]A.C. 58, 70–71, to construe an ambiguity in a statute in a manner which derogated from common law rights.
Mr. Perry also referred to the legislation which governs council houses in Scotland but it is impossible to imply in the Act of 1985 express words which the legislature chose to insert in the Rent Acts and in the Scottish Act (Housing (Scotland) Act 1987) but chose not to insert in the Act of 1985.
[1984]A.C. 754, 768,per Lord Roskill; the same view was expressed by Lord Templeman, at p. 776, in the course of a speech with which the other members of the Appellate Committee expressed their agreement.
I have cited this passage in full, because it expresses very clearly the caution which must be exercised before the court grants an injunction to restrain an infringement of the criminal law.
I express no opinion upon the case where a local or other public authority brings a civil action under a statute which prescribes that action as being the only method of enforcing a law which it is obliged to enforce.
In accordance with that view, the final conclusion expressed by the Advocate General was that, in the circumstances of the Conforama and Marchandise cases, it could not be concluded that the obstacles created exceeded what was necessary for the attainment of the objective pursued or that they were out of proportion thereto.
He therefore expressed the opinion that the national legislation in question was compatible with article 30.
However, in the light of the importance of this decision to the United States' court, to the parties to the proceedings in that court and in clarifying the law of England, we announced our intention of expressing our full reasons in writing to be delivered at a later date.
(2) Section 9(4) is a paramount provision which limits all other provisions of the Act however expressed.
‘I have already indicated my agreement with the views of my noble and learned friend, Lord Diplock, as expressed in O'Reilly v. Mackman [1983]2 A.C. 237, and I gratefully adopt all his reasons for the conclusion that: ‘it would…as a general rule be contrary to public policy, and as such an abuse of the process of the court, to permit a person seeking to establish that a decision of a public authority infringed rights to which he was entitled to protection under public law to proceed by way of an ordinary action and by this means to evade the provisions of Order 53 for the protection of such authorities.’
In this connection it is worth noting that in another context, and in another part of the same Act, Parliament has made express provision for cases in which the suitability of particular accommodation is to be determined by the court in the course of ordinary litigation.
The Court of Appeal declined to adjudicate on this matter, holding that the views expressed by the judge as to the nature of the court's jurisdiction were both obiter and academic.
It is unnecessary for the purposes of this appeal, to express a conclusion upon them.
For the reasons already expressed, these appeals are dismissed.
There are provisions relating to qualification for office, and to appointment and vacation of office; and to many express powers, duties, rights and liabilities additional to those expressed in the debenture.
The intention may appear from an express definition in different terms made for the purpose of a particular section or group of sections.
There is no different express definition of ‘company’ for the purposes of administrative receivership provisions generally.
The express statutory definition of ‘company’ is only its prima facie meaning, since it is expressly provided in section 735(4) of the Act of 1985 that the defined meaning may be displaced where a contrary intention appears.
The position would, of course, have been plainer if Parliament had provided an expanded express definition of ‘company’ for the purposes of the group of sections which relate to administrative receivers, such as was done in the case of section 388(4) of the Act of 1986, and was also done, for example , in section 22(2) (b ) of the Company Directors Disqualification Act 1986, where company is defined as including ‘any company which may be wound up under Part V of the Insolvency Act.’
The absence of a different express definition of ‘company’ in Part III of the Act does not, in my view, prevent the definition of section 735(1) of the Act of 1985 from yielding to a contrary intention.
I also note that Picarda ,The Law Relating to Receivers, Managers and Administrators , 2nd ed. (1990), p. 501 expresses the editor's opinion as follows:
Nevertheless the court went on to discuss in some detail what the position would have been if the appeal could properly have been entertained, expressing the opinion that (i)(Silke V.-P. differing) there was no ground to intervene in the Barclays (Asia) case; and (ii)(all members of the court concurring) there was no ground to intervene as regards the order in which the cases should be decided.
Nevertheless, since the subject is of some general importance in Hong Kong the Board was invited to express an opinion upon it.
963, 970–971, expressed no doubt whatsoever that an order or a refusal of an order by a criminal judge for the production of documents under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 was properly described as an order in a criminal cause or matter.
That is expressed in the memorandum of their reasons.
On the resumed hearing the justices made an order in terms different from those agreed in that the girl's contact with her older half-sister was to be supervised and the prohibition of contact between the girl and her father was expressed to continue until after the review by the local authority six months later.
The term expressed to be granted by the agreement in the present case does not fall within this definition.
‘Normally there could be no question that this was an ordinary weekly tenancy, duly determinable by a week's notice, but the parties in the rent-book agreed to a term which appears there expressed by the words ‘furnished for duration,’ which must mean the duration of the war.
A term created by a leasehold tenancy agreement must be expressed either with certainty and specifically or by reference to something which can, at the time when the lease takes effect, be looked to as a certain ascertainment of what the term is meant to be.
The certainty of a lease as to its continuance must be ascertainable either by the express limitation of the parties at the time the lease is made, or by reference to some collateral act which may, with equal certainty, measure the continuance of it, otherwise it is void.’
In that case a lease for a period of six months from 10 June 1920 was expressed to continue from half year to half year until determined.
‘we are persuaded that, there being no authority to prevent us, it is preferable as a matter of justice to hold parties to their clearly expressed bargain rather than to introduce for the first time in 1971 an extension of a doctrine of land law so as to deny the efficacy of that bargain.
In In re Midland Railway Co. 's Agreement [1971]Ch. 725 there was no ‘clearly expressed bargain’ that the term should continue until the crack of doom if the demised land was not required for the landlord's undertaking or if the undertaking ceased to exist.
In the present case there was no ‘clearly expressed bargain’ that the tenant shall be entitled to enjoy his ‘temporary structures’in perpetuity if Walworth Road is never widened.
I must therefore confine myself to expressing the hope that the Law Commission might look at the subject to see whether there is in fact any good reason now for maintaining a rule which operates to defeat contractually agreed arrangements between the parties (of which all successors in title are aware) and which is capable of producing such an extraordinary result as that in the present case.
That view, albeit qualified somewhat, was also expressed by Ireland.
The Commission referred in that connection to the view expressed by Professor O'Connell in The International Law of the Sea , vol.
If that was correct, there could be no question of any infringement of articles 7 and 221, which were expressed to be without prejudice to the other provisions of the E.E.C.
There was no express provision in Community law dealing with the resolution of any conflicts between, for example, free access to the fishing grounds of the other member states (which had been restricted by Community law itself) and stability of the national fisheries markets.
There was no express provision in articles 39 to 46 of the E.E.C.
Moreover, if they were, in themselves, to constitute measures relating to the conservation of fishery resources (which, in the light of paragraph 11 of the judgment in Pesca Valentia Ltd. v. Minister for Fisheries and Forestry (Case 223/86)[1988]E.C.R. 83, 107, is very doubtful in the case of requirements relating to the characteristics of the natural or legal persons who are the owners of the fishing vessels), they would fall ‘fully and definitively’ within the competence of the Community (see the judgment in the Pesca Valentia case, at pp. 106–107, para. 10) and hence the member states could adopt them on the basis of an express and clear delegation of powers.
If my understanding is correct, that was also the conclusion expressed by the Commission in its written observations in the Factortame case (Case C 221/89), which were submitted before the judgments in Ex parte Jaderow Ltd. and Ex parte Agegate Ltd. were delivered.
‘Each of these immunities is of great importance, but the fact that they are all important and that they are all concerned with the protection of citizens against the abuse of powers by those investigating crimes makes it easy to assume that they are all different ways of expressing the same principle, whereas in fact they are not.
The terms in which it expressed this decision are to be found in a letter dated 23 October 1991 addressed to the plaintiffs' solicitors and written by Mr. A. D. Farries, a principal in the Crown Prosecutor Fraud Investigation Group.
Thus I agree with Lord Donaldson of Lymington M.R. that a disclosure order under these provisions should normally contain an express condition in the terms that he suggests, to obviate the risk.
This was the view of Lord Donaldson of Lymington M.R. expressed in his judgment in this appeal.
as expressed in his judgment in this appeal, at p. 326 et seq.
The promise to waive may be embodied in an express contract or in a contract implied by the conduct of the parties.
…Where there are not only the ingredients of an express or implied contract to waive privilege but also a fiduciary relation or other elements of public policy making recognition of privilege unconscionable, the waiver of privilege may be specifically enforced and the witness held in contempt for failure to make disclosure.
What my noble and learned friends have said will, however, enable me to express myself quite shortly.
The defendants asserted their privilege against making possibly incriminating disclosure by what seems to me the unusual step of incorporating in a summons their application to set aside the paragraphs of Buckley J.'s order which appeared likely to upset that privilege and supporting that application by affidavits expressing their apprehensions in vague terms.
Both judges expressed the view that the payments could not be considered to have been voluntary.
The second reason he expressed thus, on the same page:
But the answer to these fundamental questions must follow a review of the law as understood at present, which I would express in the following propositions.
(d) In cases of compulsion, a threat which constitutes the compulsion may be expressed or implied, a point perhaps overlooked in Twyford v. Manchester Corporation [1946]Ch. 236.
It can however be said that the principle of justice, embodied in Martin B.'s judgment in Steele v. Williams , 8 Ex. 625 and perhaps also in Hooper v. Exeter Corporation , 56 L.J.Q.B. 457, and expressed in the dicta of Lord Atkin and Sir Owen Dixon, still calls for attention; and the central question in the present case is whether your Lordships' House, deriving their inspiration from the example of those two great judges, should rekindle that fading flame and reformulate the law in accordance with that principle.
[1991]3 W.L.R. 790, 855e–g, whose view on this point I respectfully prefer to that of Ralph Gibson L.J., at p. 846a–e, despite the doubt expressed in paragraph 3.38 of the Law Commission's Consultation Paper.
My noble and learned friend, Lord Keith of Kinkel, has expressed the opinion that these letters, on their true construction, did not give rise to any such implied agreement.
The company initially expressed doubts as to their liability to duty but were informed that the revenue were of the opinion that the duties were payable and that they would incur penalties if they did not pay.
At the end of that time they again expressed doubts as to their liability to pay and for the next three years paid under protest.
Walton J. did not purport to decide the case on the basis of a payment made under a mistake of law and I agree with the doubts expressed by Romer J. in Twyford v. Manchester Corporation [1946]Ch. 236, 241, as to this being a true case of money paid under a mistake of law having regard to the plaintiffs' expressions as to their understanding of the law at the time of the payments.
‘It makes no difference that the obligation to pay the money is expressed in the form of an agreement.
If, on the other hand, he was stating as a matter of principle that the coupling of a protest with a payment of money unlawfully demanded per se rendered that payment recoverable, he was expressing views for which no authority prior to that date has been cited to this House and which were contrary to those expressed by Lord Reading C.J. in Maskell v. Horner .
At p. 117, he expressed doubts as to whether money paid in response to an unlawful demand by the Crown could not be recovered in the absence of some threatened action or inaction, but he considered that English authority seemed to say that it was not recoverable.
While there may be much to be said for the views expressed in this passage it seems to me with all respect to Wilson J. that she was stating what she thought the law ought to be rather than what it is.
In reaching this conclusion I desire to express my general agreement with the very careful reasoning of Ralph Gibson L.J.
In my view the principle is correctly expressed by Holmes J. in Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe Railway Co. v. O'Connor , 223 U.S. 280, 285–286, where he said:
‘It makes no difference that the obligation to pay the money is expressed in the form of an agreement.
If I felt compelled to hold that the taxpayer in this case could not recover I would share the no little regret expressed by my noble and learned friend, Lord Jauncey of Tullichettle.
(2) Some of the express provisions of section 10(9) — for example paragraphs (c ) and (d )(i)— as to the matters to which the court is to have particular regard in deciding an application for leave to apply for a section 8 order would be otiose if the whole application were subject to the overriding provisions of section 1(1). (3) There would have been little point in Parliament providing that the court was to have particular regard to the wishes and feelings of the child's parent, if the whole decision were to be subject to the overriding (paramount) consideration of the child's welfare.
In the circumstances it is not strictly necessary for me to express an opinion on the other submission made by Mr. Levy, for the local authority, as to why the judge applied the wrong test in exercising his discretion.
That expression of opinion by the Law Commission can have no relevance to the construction of the Act, whilst any bearing it might otherwise have had on the matters which the court should take into account in exercising its discretion whether to grant leave to apply for a residence order in respect of a child in the care of a local authority has clearly been superseded by the express provisions of the Act.
And, if they maintain their attitude expressed freely to the Official Solicitor's representative and to their mother, it would be all to no purpose, since no court would make a residence order in favour of the foster mother against the wishes of the children concerned who are of an age to know their own minds.
‘The defence of statutory authority to an action for nuisance was summarised in the speech of my noble and learned friend, Lord Wilberforce, in Allen v. Gulf Oil Refining Ltd. [1981]A.C. 1001, 1011 as follows: ‘It is now well settled that where Parliament by express direction or by necessary implication has authorised the construction and use of an undertaking or works, that carries with it an authority to do what is authorised with immunity from any action based on nuisance.
These matters confirm me in the view already expressed that the disturbance complained of in this case is not actionable.
had to perform them, it had a remedy over and against its assignee by an express covenant for indemnity contained in the assignment to Mr. Mahmoud in 1986.
Mr. Harrison submits that the discharge of one joint and several debtor by accord and satisfaction discharges all the others, unless there is an intention to the contrary which may require express reservation of rights against the others.
‘Now the deed contained an express clause that the release to Goddard should not operate to discharge any one jointly or otherwise liable to the plaintiff for the same debts.
The person giving it may not realise the full legal consequences of it as regards the release of a co-debtor; but that is not, in my opinion, a sufficient ground for reading into the document something that is not expressed in it; and unless you find in it something qualifying the general words, it appears to me that the legal consequences of the general words of discharge must follow, notwithstanding that those consequences may go beyond what the person giving the document would have intended if they had been pointed out to him at the time, and he had had an opportunity of addressing his mind to them.
Romer L.J., at p. 652, did not dissent but expressed a doubt.
He expresses the opinion that had Miss Thomas arrived at hospital before 1.32 a.m. she would almost certainly have been saved.
‘Mr. Fitzgerald…submitted that the lack of care which could form the basis of the verdict could be a legitimate method used by the jury of expressing a view that there was a culpable breach by someone of a legal or moral duty to take care of the deceased which would be distinct from the general duty of care on which the modern law of negligence is based.
In paragraph 8(d) (i) and (ii) of his affidavit, the coroner expresses an understandable anxiety that inquests should not be used as a medium for testing out evidence for subsequent civil litigation.
The assistant recorder held that he had been so committed notwithstanding (so it is said) an express concession by the prosecution that he had not.
The editors of Arlidge & Parry on Fraud (1985), p. 97, para. 3.39, express doubt as to whether the term ‘employment’ is intended to include any form of paid work or is confined to contracts of employment in the strict sense.
It is expressed in simple language as used and understood by ordinary literate men and women.
May I join in the admiration and respect which all concerned, including J.'s mother, have expressed for what the foster parents have done for J.
In December 1991 the consultant paediatrician in charge of J. (Dr. I.) wrote a report in which she expressed the view:
Waite J. also recorded that Dr. N., a consultant paediatrician and paediatric cardiologist with another London teaching hospital who had been consulted by the Official Solicitor, was broadly in agreement with Dr. I. The judge no doubt also had in mind the report of Dr. R., who had confirmed all Dr. I.'s findings, but had not in terms expressed a view on the appropriateness of positive pressure ventilation.
What the court can do is to withhold consent to treatment of which it disapproves and it can express its approval of other treatment proposed by the authority and its doctors.’
If that means that the wardship judge has wider powers than a natural parent (on the extent of which I have declined to express an opinion), it seems to me to be warranted by the authorities to which I have referred.’
It is said that the views which I expressed in my judgments in In re J. (A Minor)(Wardship: Medical Treatment)[1991]Fam. 33 and In re R. (A Minor)(Wardship: Consent to Treatment)[1992]Fam. 11, 26 which are relevant to this were obiter and did not receive the express assent of those sitting with me.
The court when considering what course to adopt in relation to a particular child has no knowledge of competing claims to a health authority's resources and is in no position to express any view as to how it should elect to deploy them.
What should then happen would depend upon a number of considerations upon which I am in no position to speculate or express a view.
The view expressed by Dr. I. in April 1992 that this should not happen was supported by independent medical opinion, but I have no doubt that all the doctors concerned would agree that situations can change and that, if and when a decision whether or not to use mechanical ventilation has to be taken, it must be taken in the light of the situation as it then exists.
It will be apparent from what I have already said that I agree with the views expressed by Lord Donaldson of Lymington M.R. in In re J. (A Minor)(Wardship: Medical Treatment)[1991]Fam. 33, 41–42.
It seems that the guardian ad litem expressed some reservations about that decision to move the children in advance of the hearing, but by a letter of 24 January the father's solicitors said that it seemed to them that the view of the guardian ad litem was ‘quite wrong as a matter of law.’
In their elaborated reasons the justices expressed their conclusion in the following terms:
Expressing his view that the case should go on, the judge made clear that he thought Mr. Gilbert was ‘a witness of truth and a very accurate and careful one,’ whereas Mr. Everett was ‘patently false.’
The judge then granted a certificate of appeal on a point of law which he expressed as follows:
They separated and, on their joint application for divorce, the Family Court of Australia granted a decree nisi and expressed itself satisfied that proper arrangements had been made for the children's welfare, namely, that they would live with their mother during the week and be supervised by the father at weekends.
In my judgment the judge was fully entitled to take into account the matters which she there expressed.
It has been established by the judgment of this court given on 3 February 1992 that by a letter to the mother, dated 23 September 1991, the father expressed his acquiescence in the removal.
There is an appeal against a notice to a magistrates' court, but there is no express provision for representations prior to service of the notice.
To use the phrase which better expresses the underlying concept, what the requirements of fairness demand when any body, domestic, administrative or judicial, has to make a decision which will affect the rights of individuals depends on the character of the decision-making body, the kind of decision it has to make and the statutory or other framework in which it operates.
It was in that context that Lord Diplock expressed the opinion which I set out above.
There is an appeal against a notice to a magistrates' court, but there is no express provision for representations prior to service of the notice.
If, in accordance with the view I have just expressed, such a person or firm were given the right to apply immediately the notice was served for it to be rescinded, this remedy might well be of no effect if a press notice was issued at the time of service of the intervention notice, as was done in this case.
I would myself have come to the same conclusion as that which the deputy judge expressed [1991]3 W.L.R. 514, 528:
In Yerkey v. Jones , 63 C.L.R. 649 Dixon J. expressed the opinion, supported by a carefully researched argument, that the tenderness to wives exhibited by the cases was attributable to two factors.
Dillon L.J. 's judgment contains an express endorsement of Coldunell Ltd. v. Gallon [1986]Q.B.
In expressing the view that the son's acts alone would not, without the creditor's knowledge or authority, prejudice the enforceability of the security, Oliver L.J.
was expressing the general principle applicable to cases in which the relationship between the third party surety and the debtor is a matter of irrelevance to the creditor.
In view of the apparently conflicting views expressed by this court in other cases, in two of which I was personally involved, I would like to add some words of my own.
However, whether the appointment was said to be express or by necessarily holding the debtor out with ostensible authority such an appointment must in practice be a very rare event.
v. Kennedy [1989]1 F.L.R. 356 where there was an express request by the creditor to the husband to obtain the signature from his wife as ‘a matter of formality.’
Each of us in our judgments complained that the case was unsuitable for a two-judge court and expressed the difficulties which we had experienced in arriving at our conclusions: see per Oliver L.J., at p. 1202E, and myself, at p. 1211G.
The court, however, with misgivings expressed in the judgment of Oliver L.J., at p. 1194D, felt unable to differ from the judge's findings that the letters were never received: see p. 1194B: There was also a serious dispute as to whether the judge was entitled to reach his findings that the father did not have independent advice or that he was subject to undue influence from the son.
Although the wife's case as presented below had depended on establishing agency, the court expressed the view that that might not have been the correct test.
Your husband very rude and overbearing but you seemed to be quite content to submit and expressed your confidence in the business.’
The leading judgment, expressing the majority view, was given by Lamont J. The maxim, which I have already quoted, led to the conclusion that as the child en ventre sa mère was born alive it was to be treated as having being alive while en ventre sa mère and so could claim damages for an injury at that time.
In seeking an answer to this question one cannot but be influenced by a thought expressed by Lamont J., speaking for the majority of the Supreme Court of Canada in Montreal Tramways v. Leveille where, for the first time, it was accepted in a superior court that an infant plaintiff should be able after birth to recover damages for pre-natal injuries.
The first depends on the views I have already expressed.
Had a case of a claim by a child for damages for pre-natal injury come before the English courts in the period from 1972 to the enactment of the Act of 1976, and had it been as well argued as the present cases have been in this court, I have no doubt that the English court would have been referred to Watt v. Rama [1972]V.R. 353 and Duval v. Seguin , 26 D.L.R. (3d) 418 and would have preferred the views there expressed to Walker v. Great Northern Railway .
In the testatum the transfer was expressed to be
He also expressed the opinion, obiter, that the court would have the like power if the transfer were merely voidable, as opposed to void.
This principle is sometimes found expressed in the language that he is ‘doing something with his estate’…but it really reflects a rule of common sense on the exigency of busy lives.
In my judgment these passages from Lord Wilberforce's speech express the approach and the principles that must be applied to a non est factum plea.
‘(1) The register may be rectified pursuant to an order of the court or by the registrar, subject to an appeal to the court, in any of the following cases, but subject to the provisions of this section:—(a ) Subject to any express provisions of this Act to the contrary, where a court of competent jurisdiction has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any registered land or charge, and as a consequence of such decision such court is of opinion that a rectification of the register is required, and makes an order to that effect;(b ) Subject to any express provision of this Act to the contrary, where the court, on the application in the prescribed manner of any person who is aggrieved by any entry made in, or by the omission of any entry from, the register, or by any default being made, or unnecessary delay taking place, in the making of any entry in the register, makes an order for the rectification of the register;(c ) In any case and at any time with the consent of all persons interested;(d ) Where the court or the registrar is satisfied that any entry in the register has been obtained by fraud;(e ) Where two or more persons are, by mistake, registered as proprietors of the same registered estate or of the same charge;(f ) Where a mortgagee has been registered as proprietor of the land instead of as proprietor of a charge and a right of redemption is subsisting;(g ) Where a legal estate has been registered in the name of a person who if the land had not been registered would not have been the estate owner; and (h ) In any other case where, by reason of any error or omission in the register, or by reason of any entry made under a mistake, it may be deemed just to rectify the register.
I prefer not to express any concluded opinion on this point…
‘That principle, which is really a rule of construction of statutes expressed in general terms, and which as James L.J.
From these observations the task before the court on this appeal can be distilled in this form: the court is concerned to inquire as to the persons with respect to whom Parliament is presumed to have been legislating when using the expression, ‘any person,’ and in making that inquiry Parliament is to be taken to have been legislating only for British subjects or foreigners coming to the United Kingdom, unless the contrary is expressed (which it is not here) or is plainly implicit.
The case for some limitation is powerful, but there is no single, simple formula which is compelling, save for one expressed in wide and loose terms (e.g., that the person, or the transaction, has a ‘sufficient connection’ with England) that would hardly be distinguishable from the ambit of the sections being unlimited territorially and the court being left to display a judicial restraint in the exercise of the jurisdiction.
‘What we are concerned with here is the contractual duty of confidence, generally implied though sometimes expressed, between a solicitor and client.
If it is the duty of such a party to a contract, whether at common law or under statute, to disclose in defined circumstances confidential information, then he must do so, and any express contract to the contrary would be illegal and void.
I also consider (though this may only be expressing the same conclusion in another way) that, for the reasons given by Mr. Langley, the injunction as at present framed should be interpreted as not prohibiting compliance with the section 39 notice.
The grounds of the cross-appeal were that (1) the judge had correctly held that a mortgagee's right to costs, charges and expenses whether founded on equitable principles or an implied contract could always be varied, restricted or enlarged by the express terms of the mortgage and that the first defendant was entitled a full indemnity against the costs, charges and expenses on a true construction of the words used in the mortgage deeds other than the guarantee and mortgage debenture dated 6 June 1986.
The mortgagor had no express contractual obligation to pay them: see Sinfield v. Sweet [1967]1 W.L.R. 1489.
The principle that a mortgagee is entitled to add to the secured debt his costs, charges and expenses properly incurred is, therefore, firmly embedded in the law and is the principle underlying express contractual provisions such as those that must be construed in the present case.
First, it is not all costs, charges and expenses properly incurred which a mortgagee can, without express contractual justification, add to the security.
But here, too, express contractual provisions may alter what would otherwise have been the position.
The case concerned a mortgage in which there was express contractual provision securing payment to the bank mortgagee of, inter alia:
‘what a mortgagee is entitled to is that which is covered by the words ‘costs charges and expenses properly incurred,’ and it is for the taxing masters to say what these are…if the parties desire to depart from such a rule, they must express themselves in plain and unequivocal language.
He expressed the opinion that the first defendant would be in breach of its duty to the plaintiffs ‘if it were to agree to pay remuneration to the receiver which was plainly excessive.’
Vinelott J. expressed reservations about the correctness of Vaisey J.'s decision in In re Adelphi Hotel (Brighton) Ltd. [1953]1 W.L.R. 955.
expressed the opinion, concurred in by the other members of the court, that a contractual right of one party to an action to have the costs of the action paid by another party to the action could not override the discretion as to costs given to the court by Ord. 62, r. 3(2) and section 51(1) of the Act of 1981, but that where an order for payment of the costs was sought, the discretion should ordinarily be exercised so as to reflect the contractual right.
I did, however, express my views on the construction and effect of the section which, it now appears, were at variance with the views of academic and other writers: see ‘The Judge and the Competent Minor’ by Andrew Bainham (1992) 108 L.Q.R. 194, 198; ‘Multiple Keyholders — Wardship and Consent to Medical Treatment’by Rosy Thornton [1992]C.L.J. 34, 36;Doctors, Patients and the Law ,(1992), at pp. 60–61 (Ian Kennedy), at p. 76 (Lawrence Gostin) and at pp. 156–157 (Ian Dodds-Smith) and Margaret Brazier ,Medicine, Patients and the Law , 2nd ed. (1992), p. 345.
The House of Lords decisively rejected Mrs. Gillick's contentions and held that at common law a child of sufficient intelligence and understanding (the ‘Gillick competent’ child) could consent to treatment, notwithstanding the absence of the parents' consent and even an express prohibition by the parents.
A cause of action to which a hospital authority or a member of its medical staff (or both) may be liable as the result of the performance of an operation is trespass to the person, and treatment administered without the patient's express or implied consent constitutes an assault which may lead to an action for damages.
If he did so intend then, in the case of a child over the age of 16, his interpretation of the law was inconsistent with the express words of section 8(3) of the Act of 1969.
I express no view on the question whether a young person, whether over the age of 16 or under that age if ‘Gillick competent,’ should have complete autonomy in the field of medical treatment.
Once he had (rightly) rejected that argument, he treated the matter as one for the unfettered exercise of his discretion, in which W.'s views were merely a relatively unimportant factor, and expressed the view that his real choice was between the conflicting medical views of Dr. M., the consultant psychiatrist in whose care W. had been for over a year, and Dr. G., supported in the event by Dr. D., another consultant psychiatrist with specialist experience in the field of anorexia nervosa.
It must be remembered that W. was not refusing all medical treatment — she was merely expressing the view that she wished to remain at Dr. M.'s clinic.
‘a balance between the vehemently expressed wishes and feelings of the child and the harm which the child is at risk of suffering if continued control of diet is prolonged into a chronic state affecting intellectual development and the development of the reproductive organs.
This subsection is expressed to apply only in certain defined circumstances, but it is, I think, common ground that it may be treated as having general application.
Although C. has no recollection of the fact, Ward J. found that he was present at some time when Miss T. was expressing her wish not to have a blood transfusion.
He expressed the opinion that she was not fully compos mentis; that she was not fully rational in making an assessment of her medical condition being unaware how critical her condition was; and that she was not fully rational at the time of signing the refusal.
Firstly, was that refusal to consent which was maintained throughout that period which culminated in the Caesarean section a valid refusal of blood transfusions at the time it was expressed.
I have expressed a general thanks to all counsel but special thanks should be recorded to the Official Solicitor and to Mr. Michael Nicholls of his department for the rapid response to my cry for help and for the superb way in which the Official Solicitor and Mr. Butler, who holds his brief, have responded.
There is very considerable force in the submission that once a refusal to treatment is expressed and held to be valid and binding on the hospital, as I have found, then that consent or that refusal should continue to prevail and dictate the outcome of this case.
(c) Her own view as expressed to the ante-natal clinic was that she had no religion.
(c) When she raised the question of blood transfusions the only response was to lull her into a sense of false security, both the staff nurse, in her express words, and Dr. F. in his demeanour and the obstetrics staff nurse explicitly, all sought to indicate that it did not much matter since there appeared to them to be no prospect of a blood transfusion becoming necessary.
I conclude that in those circumstances the court should proceed with caution in determining whether a generalised refusal, as expressed by Miss T., is evidence of a settled continuing intention to refuse blood in all circumstances.
‘I find that her refusal does not cover the emergency which has now arisen which was outside her contemplation and the contemplation of others at the time she expressed her opposition to a blood transfusion.
As Miss T. was no longer able to express any view, it was a classic ‘emergency’ situation in which it was lawful for the doctors to treat her in whatever way they considered, in the exercise of their clinical judgment, to be in her best interests.
For my part I think that there is abundant evidence which would have justified this court in substituting findings that Miss T. was not in a physical or mental condition which enabled her to reach a decision binding on the medical authorities and that even if, contrary to that view, she would otherwise have been in a position to reach such a decision, the influence of her mother was such as to vitiate the decision which she expressed.
The nature of his choice or the terms in which it is expressed may then tip the balance.
In other words ‘Is it a decision expressed in form only, not in reality?’
With this in mind it is for consideration whether such forms should not be redesigned to separate the disclaimer of liability on the part of the hospital from what really matters, namely the declaration by the patient of his decision with a full appreciation of the possible consequences, the latter being expressed in the simplest possible terms and emphasised by a different and larger type face, by underlining, the employment of coloured print or otherwise.
In any individual case there are three possibilities:(a) the patient consents,(b) the patient has expressed no decision and (c) the patient refuses consent.
I use the word ‘true’ to express the notion that consent, or refusal of consent, may be inoperative in law for one of three reasons; there may perhaps be others, but only these three are relevant to the present case.
There are many different ways of expressing the concept that what a person says may not be binding upon him; a Greek poet wrote ‘my tongue has sworn, but no oath binds my mind.’
In that context, the designation by article 5(1) of the Convention of the courts for the place of performance of the obligation in question expresses the concern that, because of the close links created by a contract between the parties thereto, it should be possible for all the difficulties which may arise on the occasion of the performance of a contractual obligation to be brought before the same court: that for the place of performance of the obligation.
expressed a similar view, at p. 158, and O'Connor L.J.
The majority of delegations have nevertheless said they are in favour of including such consequences within the scope of the law of contracts, but in order to take account of the opposition expressed provision has been made for any contracting state to enter a reservation on this matter: article 22(1) (b ).
It is noteworthy that the text book writers are not unanimous on this point: see Kaye, Civil Jurisdiction and Enforcement of Foreign Judgments ,(1987), p. 490, where the author doubts whether actions in quasi-contract on the ground of unjust enrichment fall within article 5(1), and cites in the footnote German and French authorities expressing conflicting views.
I cannot part from this case without expressing my profound gratitude to both counsel for their very clear, able and concise arguments.
The wording of the section contains no express limitation to documents which can be said to be part of a process of reconstituting the company's state of knowledge.
I do not think that that point was in the mind of either Lord Greene or Scrutton L.J., but the former in the words above quoted, expressed something with which I respectfully agree, and which seems plain, namely, that an absolute order for possession made against a tenant fundamentally alters the position.
Road Traffic — Blood specimen — Requirement — Breath testing device not working — Custody officer informing defendant of right to provide blood or urine and requiring blood specimen — Defendant not given opportunity to express preference — Whether requirement for blood specimen validly made — Road Traffic Act 1988 (c. 52), ss. 7(3) (b)(4), 8(2)
The officer did not invite the defendant to express a preference for giving blood or urine but warned him of the consequences of failure to provide a specimen and gave him the opportunity to put forward any reasons why a specimen of blood could not be taken by a doctor.
The Divisional Court, dismissing the prosecutor's appeal, held that the requirement to provide a specimen of blood had not been made in accordance with section 7(4) since the defendant had not been given an opportunity to express a preference for giving a sample of blood or urine.
Held , allowing the appeal, that where a driver was required to provide a specimen of blood or urine for one of the reasons set out in section 7(3) of the Act of 1988, or claimed the right to provide such a specimen under section 8(2), the constable was required by section 7(4) to inform him that the specimen was to be of blood or urine and that it was for the constable to decide which; but that there was no requirement to invite the driver to express his preference for giving blood or urine; that if the constable intended to require a specimen of blood, the driver was to be given the right to object on medical grounds to be determined by a medical practitioner or, if the requirement had been made under section 7(3), for some other reason affording a ‘reasonable excuse’ within section 7(6) of the Act; and that, accordingly, the requirement for the defendant to provide a specimen of blood had complied with section 7(4) (post, pp. 885G–H, 890D–G, 891A–D, 895B–E, H — 896A).
Here again, provided the driver has such an opportunity, I can see nothing in the language of the statute which would justify a procedural requirement that the driver be invited to express his own preference for giving blood or urine, either before a constable indicates which specimen he will require or at all.
I must now turn to the decided cases to see whether they refute the prima facie views I have formed and expressed in the foregoing paragraphs based on the construction of the statute and indeed otherwise to see what light they shed on the issues falling for decision.
At the end of this necessarily lengthy examination of the decided cases I have found nothing which causes me to depart from the view I expressed before embarking on that examination as to the appropriate procedure to be followed under section 7(3) and section 8(2) considered simply on the basis of the statutory language.
In neither case is there any need to invite the driver to express his preference for giving blood or urine.
First, the restitutionary remedy is expressed to be available not only against ‘that person,’ i.e. the contravener of section 3 or perhaps an associate of the contravener, but also against ‘any other person…knowingly concerned in the contravention.’
And both section 56 (unsolicited calls) and section 57 (restrictions on the contents of advertisements) contain express provisions enabling individual investors to bring actions for restitution and compensation.
I express no view on this point.
Apart from proof that the third party was knowingly concerned in the contravention, I find no further expressed restriction in section 6(2) on the jurisdiction of the court to make an order against a responsible third party.
They think it right, however, to express their opinion that, in all the circumstances and having regard, in particular, to the lapse of time between trial and the determination of this appeal, it would be wholly appropriate that the death sentence should now be commuted.
The purchaser of Caliban was expressed to be Mr. Perot's son, Mr. Perot junior; at one stage during the negotiation of the contract it was suggested that Mr. Perot's daughters would be the purchasers.
In the view of the Board the resolution of this case depends upon two fundamental propositions: first, agency is a contract made between principal and agent; second, like every other contract, the rights and duties of the principal and agent are dependent upon the terms of the contract between them, whether express or implied.
It is not possible to say that all agents owe the same duties to their principals: it is always necessary to have regard to the express or implied terms of the contract.
It applies, in principle, whether the case is one of a trust, express or implied, of partnership, of directorship of a limited company, of principal and agent, or master and servant, but the precise scope of it must be moulded according to the nature of the relationship.
The absence of express provision in the section means that the court, treading circumspectly, must look at the underlying purpose of the legislation and construe the draftsman's language with that purpose in mind.
Held , allowing the appeals, that the Secretary of State was required to afford to a prisoner serving a mandatory life sentence the opportunity to submit in writing representations as to the period that prisoner should serve for the purposes of retribution and deterrence before the Secretary of State in the exercise of his power under section 61 of the Act of 1967 set the date of the first review of the prisoner's sentence; that, before giving the prisoner the opportunity to make representations, the Secretary of State was required to inform him of the period recommended by the judiciary as the period he should serve for the purposes of retribution and deterrence and of any other opinion expressed by the judiciary which had not been disclosed at the trial and would be relevant to the Secretary of State's decision as to the appropriate period to be served for those purposes; but that the Secretary of State was not obliged to adopt that judicial view or, if he departed from it, to give reasons for doing so, and that he was entitled to delegate his powers for that purpose to a junior minister within the Home Department; and that, accordingly, the decisions made by the Secretary of State as to the length of the period each of the applicants should serve before the date of the first review of their sentences should be quashed and that each applicant should be given the opportunity to make written representations after he had been informed of the judicial opinion regarding the period he should serve before review (post, pp. 963B–C, 969A–C, 973F–H, 974A–B, 977B–D, 979C–F, 980E–G, 981F–G, 983C–D, 984C–E, 985B–C, 986H — 987A, F–G, 988C–E, G–H, 989B–C, D–E, 991B–C, 992F–H, 993B–E, F–G).
The trial judge and the Lord Chief Justice express their views as to the proper period to be served by the prisoner for the purposes of retribution and deterrence voluntarily, in accordance with the agreement made by the Lord Chief Justice with the Home Secretary.
(i) When a prisoner is sentenced to imprisonment for life, within a short time the trial judge and the Lord Chief Justice are invited by the Secretary of State to express their views on the period he should serve for the purposes of retribution and deterrence.
The evidence shows that in many cases the minister of state has set a date for the first review later than would have been the case if he had adopted the views expressed by the judiciary.
For the most part the relief sought by each of these four appellants in their procedures for judicial review is the same, though somewhat differently expressed.
Before expressing my views about the remaining issues, I think it helpful to set out shortly the general principles of law which are applicable to the Secretary of State's decision-making process.
I start by observing that if the Lord Chief Justice does not agree with the view expressed by the trial judge as to the proper period to be served for retribution and deterrence, there are two judicial views.
Where there is such a difference, therefore, ‘the judicial view’ means that expressed by the Lord Chief Justice.
The argument for the appellants on this issue, expressed somewhat differently by their respective counsel, can be summarised as follows.
Nolan J. expressed no view on this, but said:
But when the judge, and the Lord Chief Justice, express their views on the period a particular prisoner should serve for the purposes of retribution and deterrence, they are involved in part of the same consideration as they would be when deciding a proper determinate sentence for a serious offence other than murder.
To use the phrase which better expresses the underlying concept, what the requirements of fairness demand when any body, domestic, administrative or judicial, has to make a decision which will affect the rights of individuals depends on the character of the decision-making body, the kind of decision it has to make and the statutory or other framework in which it operates.
Such comments would include, for example, any opinions that the trial judge has expressed, in a case where there was more than one defendant, as to the respective parts each played and thus as to the culpability of each for the offence.
Until now the judiciary have expressed their views about the tariff period, tacitly if not expressly, in confidence.
For the future, the judges can be asked to express their views on the basis that their recommendations (in effect that of the Lord Chief Justice) will be communicated to the prisoner.
I note also that of the judges who expressed opinions to the House of Lords Select Committee on Murder and Life Imprisonment about this issue, a majority favoured immediate disclosure of the judges' recommendation as to the tariff.
(2) Before giving the prisoner the opportunity to make such representations, the Secretary of State is required to inform him of the period recommended by the judiciary as the period he should serve for the purposes of retribution and deterrence, and of any other opinion expressed by the judiciary which is relevant to the Secretary of State's decision as to the appropriate period to be served for these purposes.
‘We cannot part from the argument without expressing our belief that some trial judges would be troubled if they were told that their view, unguided as it is by any established practice and expressed in confidence, was to be determinate of the period to be served by a prisoner.
And he expressed the view that, in discretionary life sentence cases, the period fixed by the Home Secretary should ‘relate strictly to the judicial view of the tariff.’
In the Court of Appeal Lord Donaldson of Lymington M.R., at p. 282, held that there might be express or implied limitations on the right to devolve in the statute, and that otherwise a decision to devolve could be attacked if it was irrational in administrative terms.
In the House of Lords, Lord Griffiths, at p. 303, found no express or implied limitation in the statute, and no objection to devolution under the Carltona principle provided that the decisions to be taken by officials were ‘suitable to their grading and experience.’
In the present case, there is no express or implied requirement in the Criminal Justice Act 1967 that a decision fixing the tariff period, or for that matter a decision to release a prisoner on licence, must be taken by the Secretary of State personally.
It is clear in the present case that the statute makes no express or implied requirement that the Secretary of State should state his reasons for refusing a prisoner's release.
‘This is to ignore the fact that in the administration of justice in this country, the authority of any judicial pronouncement depends not upon the personal authority of the judge concerned, but upon the capacity in which he gives a decision or expresses an opinion.
683, 688E–F, 690C, the visitors expressed doubts whether they had power to hold the findings of a disciplinary tribunal to be invalid.
They said that the question had not been argued before them and they expressed no opinion on it.
In the absence of a written constitution the power and duty of the judges to control the quality of the administration of justice in the courts of this country were derived largely from ancient custom subject to express mandates from time to time by the Crown, as in 1292, and the way in which they superintended the disciplinary processes of the Inns of Court was an important feature of the way in which they performed that duty and exercised that power.
Since the argument ended, Mr. Beloff has been good enough to send us, by agreement with the other parties to Miss Calder's application, extracts from the works of two legal historians who venture to express opinions on the legal position after 1873.
The editor of Halsbury's Statutes , 4th ed., vol. 11 (1991), p. 1011, appears also to have expressed the position too widely when he ascribed the survival of the whole of this jurisdiction to what is now section 44(1) (b ) of the Act of 1981.
He expressed his reasons in this way:
Nevertheless the third party and his advisers seem to have acted as if such a direction had been given, for a document expressed to be a defence and counterclaim of the third party has been served.
For the appellant Mr. Lester submits that it should now be appropriate for the courts to look at Hansard in order to ascertain the intention of the legislators as expressed in the proceedings on the Bill which has then been enacted in the statutory words requiring to be construed.
I have to confess that on many occasions I have had recourse to Hansard, of course only to check if my interpretation had conflicted with an express Parliamentary intention, but I can say that it does not take long to recall and assemble the relevant passages in which the particular section was dealt with in Parliament, nor does it take long to see if anything relevant was said.
I agree with it in its entirety and would, in the ordinary way, be content to do no more than express my concurrence both in the reasoning and in the result.
We must, therefore, I believe, be very cautious in opening the door to the reception of material not readily or ordinarily accessible to the citizen whose rights and duties are to be affected by the words in which the legislature has elected to express its will.
But so long as the three conditions expressed in the speech of my noble and learned friend are understood and observed, I do not, for my part, consider that the relaxation of the rule which he has proposed will lead to any significant increase in the cost of litigation or in the burden of research required to be undertaken by legal advisers.
If statements by Ministers as to the intent or effect of an Act were allowed to prevail, this would contravene the constitutional rule that Parliament is ‘sovereign only in respect of what it expresses by the words used in the legislation it has passed:’per Lord Diplock in Black-Clawson [1975]A.C. 591, 638e.
‘We therefore conclude that there was de facto, albeit voidable contract, between the owners and Ballay; that it was by virtue of that contract that Ballay took possession of the goods; that accordingly the transfer of the goods to him was with the consent and express authority of the owner and that accordingly there was no lack of authorisation and no appropriation.
Viscount Dilhorne, whose speech was concurred in by Lord Donovan, Lord Pearce, Lord Diplock and Lord Cross of Chelsea, after stating the facts, and expressing some doubts as to what Mr. Occhi had meant when he said that he ‘permitted’ the taxi driver to take £6, continued, at pp. 631–633:
It is with the consent of the owners of the supermarket, be that consent express or implied, that the shopper does these acts and thus obtains at least control if not actual possession of the goods preparatory, at a later stage, to obtaining the property in them upon payment of the proper amount at the checkpoint.
However, Lord Roskill expressed the opinion, at p. 332, that it did not, on the ground that the concept of appropriation in the context of section 3(1)
A rogue telephoned expressing an interest in buying the articles and the plaintiff provisionally agreed with him that the payment would be by a building society cheque in the plaintiff's favour.
This conclusion, in order to create a single comprehensive offence in place of larceny, embezzlement and fraudulent conversion, makes ‘appropriation’(the treating of ‘tuum’ as ‘meum’) the key element in place of taking, and it is the activity expressed by the word ‘appropriation’which dispenses with the need for the phrase ‘without the consent of the owner,’which preceded the words ‘takes and carries away’in the old definition of larceny in section 1(1) of the Act of 1916.
Viscount Dilhorne, at p. 631, when reviewing the evidence, expressed the opinion that the facts of the case fell far short of establishing that Mr. Occhi, the Italian student who was the victim of the taxi driver, had consented to the acquisition by the appellant of the £6, as argued at p. 628.
But the only speech delivered did not consider this second point and the summary treatment of the appellant's argument is reflected in the opinion expressed, at p. 633, that the point certified and argued was scarcely worthy of their Lordships' attention.
The important feature, of course, which our definitions have in common is that the appropriation must be an act done without the authority or consent, express or implied, of the owner.
The House answered the question with an emphatic ‘No,’ requiring no argument from the prosecutor and expressing surprise that the Court of Appeal (Criminal Division) had certified the question as fit for the consideration of the House.
We therefore conclude that there was a de facto, albeit voidable contract, between the owners and Ballay; that it was by virtue of that contract that Ballay took possession of the goods; that accordingly the transfer of the goods to him was with the consent and express authority of the owner and that accordingly there was no lack of authorisation and no appropriation.
In the first place, Viscount Dilhorne had already expressed the opinion that the facts of the case fell far short of establishing that the victim had consented to the acquisition by the appellant of the money he was alleged to have stolen.
I only add a few words of my own out of deference to the contrary view expressed by my noble and learned friend, Lord Lowry, and to consider the cases on thefts from companies to which we were referred in the course of argument.
The views expressed (obiter) by this House in Reg. v. Morris [1984]A.C. 320 that ‘appropriation’ involves an act by way of adverse interference with or usurpation of the rights of the owner treats the word appropriation as being tantamount to ‘misappropriation.’
It is impossible to reconcile the decision in Lawrence (that the question of consent is irrelevant in considering whether there has been an appropriation) with the views expressed in Morris , which latter views in my judgment were incorrect.
…Although doubts have been expressed in the past as to the availability of certiorari, I have myself no doubt that in the light of the modern development of administrative law, the High Court would have power, upon an application for judicial review, to quash a decision of the visitor which amounted to an abuse of his powers.
This is an express authority to guide our judgment in this case.
He submitted that the concept of a peculiar domestic law differing from the general law of the land was artificial since in practice the charter and statutes of a university are expressed in ordinary legal language and applied in accordance with the same principles as those applicable under the general law.
In those circumstances, it is unnecessary to express any view on the proper construction of the charter and statutes beyond saying that I have heard nothing which persuades me that the views of Lord Jauncey of Tullichettle and the Court of Appeal [1991]1 W.L.R. 1277 were wrong.
Although doubts have been expressed in the past as to the availability of certiorari, I myself have no doubt that in the light of the modern development of administrative law, the High Court would have power, upon an application for judicial review, to quash a decision of the visitor which amounted to an abuse of his powers.
"CAO expressed disappointment that we did not seem to agree with him on this point, but added that he was faced with a grave administrative problem with hundreds of thousands of German PoWs on his hands and could not bother at this time about who might or who might not be handed over to the Russians or Partisans to be shot."
CAO expressed disappointment that we did not seem to agree with him on this point but added that he was faced with a grave administrative problem with hundreds of thousands of German PoWs on his hands and could not bother at this time about who might or might not be turned  over to the Russians and Partisans to be shot.
Kirk then stated that he could not concur in the order and that Robertson expressed his disappointment, but stated that he could not "bother at this time who might or might not be handed over to be shot" and would send his telegram anyway.
The first of these, initially expressed in the letter from Lord Selborne, Minister for Economic Warfare, to the Foreign Secretary, Anthony Eden, on 21 July 1944, after the Cabinet decision on 17 July 1944 to hand back captured Russians if Soviet authorities requested [KP 1]was the fear of many Russians of the fate that would await them on their return to the Soviet Union [KP 2].
As Selborne pointed out, Russians captured in France after the Normandy invasion had expressed extreme apprehension about their return home.
In other words, McCreery would be seeing the commanding officers in 6 Armoured Division who on 19 May had expressed disquiet over the Yugoslav repatriations, as had been reported by Maj Mennell on his return to Division HQ.
These findings were held not to support the view expressed by Lomas and Kimura.
There has been some discussion in the literature as to the most appropriate way of expressing the degree of lateral asymmetry which a subject shows in an experiment.
Zangwill (1960) had earlier expressed the opinion that
Stoy Hayward have expressed their willingness to continue in office and a resolution to re-appoint them will be proposed at the annual general meeting.
(c) the level of funding expressed in percentage terms
Stoy Hayward have expressed their willingness to continue in office and a resolution to re-appoint them will be proposed at the annual general meeting.
It was the express train to Aswan, its first-class carriages full of tourists.
Minya was once an important stage on the journey up the Nile but aeroplanes, express trains and tourist cruise ships have left it a provincial backwater.
We expressed mild surprise, and examined our maps.
The further we went up the Nile, the more the river seemed to express some awful ambivalence.
Expressed in their paintings and sculpture and stories, these elements are seen as the successive thresholds, or levels of initiation, which the warrior of consciousness must broach on his path to enlightenment.
The only reference point to give us a sense of our height was the tiny boat on the beach beneath us, with the two fishermen, who had not only declined to follow us up the crater, but also expressed an urgent desire to avoid even setting foot on shore.
It is expressed in their myth of the first human child, or "adam" .
He spoke numerous languages, had travelled widely abroad, and was delighted by the prospect of our filming either the Toraja or the Bugis, though he expressed some misgivings about sailing any distance with the latter.
Although we were terrified that they would find where we had hidden our film equipment, it was easier for us than for our crewmates to express our anger, and we blustered the officials off the ship.
Among those to express their gratitude to Francis Place were the seamen of Tyne and Wear who, Place records, "sent me a handsome silver vase, paid for by a penny-a-week subscription" .
The employers conceded the claim for higher wages, and the union went on to express the men's dissatisfaction with the 1850 Act.
Over the next ten years it opened the doors to the development of relations between Wilson's union and the shipowners so cordial and mutually supportive that his enemies in the labour movement could express ironic astonishment that he had ever had "any special connection with the Seamen at all" .
On 28  September 1911 Hermann Jochade, secretary of the International Transport Workers' Federation in a letter to its secretary Arthur Cannon expressed his surprise at the branch's actions, and noted"I have myself investigated the workings of the National Sailors' and Firemen's Union, as I have done with other unions connected with the International Transport Workers' Federation in Great Britain, and have pleasure in stating and testifying that the Seamen's Union is one of the best organised and conducted of all unions I have made enquiries into.
Those in authority had decided that Marcus should intermit a year of his education, in order to recuperate, and that he should not live with his father, a man of uncertain temper, of whom he had expressed extreme and unreasoning terror.
He expressed his pleasure, in over-ringing tones, in rare beef.
"In the Night Cafe I have tried to express the terrible passions of humanity by means of red and green."
"When it was done She expressed Her complete satisfaction with the statue both as a portrait and as a work of art,— I particularly asked the Bishop about that last point.
Check the section on Reading effectively, and also remember the idea of having a debate on a chosen topic for say half an hour once a week so that you can use your voice and express your ideas and opinions.
But don't be dismayed — this is unimportant provided that you have learnt during your studies how to find out for yourself, to think for yourself and to express yourself.
You have:(a) stated a fact;(b) drawn a factual conclusion; and (c) expressed an opinion.
For example, the meaning might be expressed as follows.
Remember that your evidence as an expert witness must be based on the factual truth expressed in your report.
We must assume that you know how to express yourself in sentences.
The Tongue-tied, a type that you will occasionally meet, has some very good ideas but cannot express them clearly.
Expressed as a proportion of the total labour force the temporary labour force remained just about constant in size.
In some instances unions had set a limit on the size of the temporary labour force expressed as a proportion of the total or the regular labour force, and if this limit was exceeded an equivalent number of temporary workers would have to be upgraded to permanent status.
When the number of fixed-term contract or agency workers was expressed in relation to the size of the total labour force in the establishment, it did not appear that larger establishments were more likely to make use of temporary workers than smaller ones [see Table 3.4].
However, when there is an abundance of food, this allows the obesity tendency to express itself fully.
You could say that out of the simple song there came the poem capable of expressing in a short length deep thoughts.
Provided that your detail is correct, believable and expressed without hectic, worried adjectives, it is surprising how much simple plain statement will grip a reader.
Nothing is barred in the crime novel, however much was barred in the old days of the detective story when, for instance, sexual relations often seemed confined to one person expressing just the discreetest interest in another.
And I think that's  what a lot of problem with condemned by the G P is is they're not able to articulate the unhappiness that's coming from the eating disorder, so they're told to go away and put on a couple of pounds  and because they haven't expressed that feeling the G P can't  or isn't  thinking enough to try and and poke into it a little bit more.
I think, one of the most important things is finding a trusting friend or a member of family so that you can then try express some of the feelings so that you're in a better position  erm, to try and explain the problem.
I think the lady who said earlier when you go to your G P you can't express yourself
I think that its, its often what's inside that comes out and what we wear and, and make up and I think perhaps its men who have the restriction of not being able to do that, they are not perhaps getting the opportunity to express their inner self.
I don't think men are given enough room to express their emotions and feelings about things.
But the gradient  the gradient of the hill  erm you could express it in terms of an angle couldn't you?
The train leaves  this is an express it leaves Euston at some time, we don't know when, at some time.
It does appear to me  er that the view which has been expressed by Mr  and Mr  is correct, that you and your clients did not object in terms, or indeed, as far as I can see, by implication in any way, to the existence of an inset for the village.
And this is of course, as if I agree with the view that you expressed yesterday in a general context, although it was made specifically then in relation to one village, any recommendation I make in relation to that village, if it is based on the general principle , must apply by analogy also to Skelton, and I would have little choice but to recommend to the councils that they may wish  or indeed they should, reconsider this question of washing-over or insetting elsewhere.
I think Mr  what I would like to see, I don't want to go too far into the history, but I would just like to be sure that er bearing in mind this complex history given on behalf of those you are representing, that the views you are putting forward are the er current views of the Parish Council as expressed in their formal minutes.
I mean  we certainly have views on this  er and er you have er encouraged us to express them.
Is it any reason why you shouldn't express it in percentage terms say twenty percent to this, thirty percent to that  ten percent to
All the ideas expressible in the second can be reproduced in the first, but, for instance, the notions of disjunction (v) and implication (6) and negation (*) which occur in the first cannot be expressed in the second.
The difficulty is to find a good description language in which to express the learning situation.
The ease of solution of any task depends on the language in which it is expressed.
She had a boldness of manner, not to be confused with brashness, and an ability to express herself that was amusing, if at times disconcerting.
‘Be that as it may,’ he persisted, ‘it's been brought to my notice that you've expressed somewhat vividly your dislike of a certain member of the Company.’
She expressed alarm at being in control of such a complicated procedure.
She was looking forward to making a late entrance — the cast would cluster round her, expressing their admiration at her fortitude.
After the national anthem, and before the curtain went up, Rose made a speech expressing her mixed emotions at the unfortunate accident which had befallen Richard St Ives.
For one single sleeve, Reid adapted the design of the American Express credit card, to depict the ‘real relationships within the music industry; the record company as nothing more than a huge pimp — and the band as prostitutes’.
American Express won an injunction against the sleeve; copies of the record were recalled for resleeving and Virgin were ordered to pay £30,000 in legal costs.
It was an ironic prelude to Richard Branson's association with American Express, some years later, advertising the credit card.
One was that the principal Atra artist, Keith Hudson, began to express a wish privately to sign to Virgin direct, thereby increasing his own percentage.
Pop music mirrored the mood of Britain's desperation — and its barely expressed hopes — in a curious way.
He expressed interest in few things in life beyond music, and the purchase of a series of improbably fast and expensive motor cars.
People Express, the American carrier which had, to a certain extent, inherited the mantle of Laker's ‘Skytrain', was a proven success, but research showed that the transatlantic market was big enough to support two cut-price carriers.
Under the bilateral agreement, there was a clear case for the Americans to admit a British carrier to ‘balance’ People Express.
Branson was fully aware that even if the Americans decided to grant permission, it was likely that it would not be given until a day or two before the flight — retaliatory treatment for the way the British government had delayed until the eleventh hour and fifty-ninth minute permission for People Express to fly into Britain.
Fields was also given unlimited free travel on Virgin Atlantic — a useful bonus as he set about establishing his own, rival airline, Highland Express, to fly between Prestwick and Newark.
Highland Express subsequently went into liquidation in December 1987.
He expressed to Ridley his fears that, come the winter months, when payloads on the North Atlantic dropped alarmingly, the big airlines could very easily get together to squeeze Virgin out of the market-place, in the same way they had squeezed out Laker.
The new fare reductions filed by British Airways, in response to Virgin and People Express, and the matching fares filed by the other big airlines, therefore worried the British government.
This reluctance expressed an unusual lack of thrift on the part of men to whom it was a necessity, but the bond with the past was strong and there was some ill-defined superstition clinging about the woods which forbade the useful dismantling of these huts built, often, to accommodate up to half a dozen men through all the taxations of a northern spring, summer and early autumn.
Mary had begun to visit her regularly on Friday mornings — with Mr Fenton's express approval and the Christian support of  her mother — when she was about fourteen — at about the time her father had begun to use her in the Fish and Budworth had turned up to sketch his mischief.
I've a fair idea,’ and here he smiled a benign leer which long ago Mary had learned to repulse but still — unawares — could cause her to coil up in herself in shame, ‘they've come here express to see the Beauty.’
The rain both expressed and unknotted her feelings.
Hope expressed himself enchanted: John was gripped by a dream of certainty.
He would try in his journal that night to express this extreme contentment.
Mrs Crump expressed her gratitude with the eloquence of total silence but with a little look which, as Hope noted and saw that it was noted, signalled that she was pierced to the heart.
She had not the heart to embarrass him by refusing a request so diffidently expressed.
As well as making claims about the efficiency of markets, the theory denies the existence of producer power, at the same time drawing a reassuring analogy with democratic control in the political sphere: corporate behaviour is no more than a reflection of the popular will, expressed not through the ballot box, but via individual purchase decisions.
These positions have it in common that they express a view about how company law should regulate corporate power in the public interest: by introducing social welfare considerations as explicit decision-making criteria, or by excluding them and relying instead on the benign effects of the invisible hand, guided where necessary by external legal controls.
In the case of the railways this included a power to revise fares where excessive profits were made and even in some circumstances an express right to take the undertaking into state ownership.
Expressed in these terms the contract theory does not merely (irrelevantly) emphasise the company's non-state origins, it also offers a political justification for the possession of private power.
Compromises are possible, among other reasons, because objectives are expressed in satisficing rather than maximising terms, and by making use of organisational slack.
The standard formulation of the duty of the directors in running the business is expressed not in terms of benefiting the members, but of benefiting the company.
Expressing such a duty as a duty to further the interests of the enterprise is unhelpful, however, since the formulation has very limited information content: it fails to identify the relevant constituencies and gives no indication of what priority should be afforded to them inter se .
First they were based on an ‘Age Participation Rate’(APR) defined as ‘the number of young home initial full time and sandwich entrants to HE in a given year expressed as a percentage of the 18 year old population’.
Figure 7.3 shows the values of figure 7.2 expressed as percentage change over the period 1961–81.
Since relatively few people express a preference for changing tenure from the owner-occupied to local authority sectors, when this happens there are often important employment and demographic aspects at work.
The contrasts sound even more spectacular if the changes are expressed in terms of experience over a lifetime.
Paine expressed a concept of constitutions which involved ‘the conscious formulation by a people of its fundamental law’(McIlwain, op. cit., p. 3).
This view was expressed by Bolingbroke.
Legitimate:(a) etymologically, the word expresses a status, which has been conferred or ratified by some authority;(b) conformable to law or rule.
Are there more representative ways in which public sentiments regarding governmental action may be expressed?
(2) This public opinion, it must therefore be presumed, is overtly and freely expressed.
But ‘overtly and freely to express opinion’ implies some opportunity and machinery for making that opinion known, and therefore implies some kind of a suffrage, some kind of a voice or vote…(3) In matters of contention between sections of public opinion it is the majority opinion that prevails.
Thus the first assumption of liberal-democracy is that it is a democracy in the sense expressed above.
The authority of government therefore is limited; and this can be expressed by saying that certain rights of the individual and of the private association are safeguarded.
This idea was developed further by Montesquieu, the French philosopher, who expressed the view that it was the separation of powers of government which ensured the liberty of the English.
He expressed the doctrine in L'Esprit tea Lois , Book XI, Chapter VI (2nd edn, vol. 1, p. 220) as follows:
There is, accordingly, no separation of powers in the United Kingdom as Montesquieu expressed the doctrine.
When Parliament legislates to remedy what the majority of its members at the time perceive to be a defect or a lacuna in the existing law (whether it be the written law enacted by existing statutes or the unwritten common law as it has been expounded by the judges in decided cases), the role of the judiciary is confined to ascertaining from the words that Parliament has approved as expressing its intention what that intention was, and to giving effect to it.
The legitimate questions for a judge in his role as interpreter of the enacted law are: ‘How has Parliament, by the words that it has used in the statute to express its intentions, defined the category of acts that are entitled to the immunity?
But in the field of statute law the judge must be obedient to the will of Parliament as expressed in its enactments.
If separation of powers as expressed by Montesquieu does not exist, is there nevertheless sufficient separation of functions and a sufficient incidence of checks and balances to guarantee the maintenance of liberty?
They further argued that ‘State’ means the numerical collection of inhabitants in the geographical area and not the government or organs of government through which the state expresses its intentions.
These terms have the virtue that they express clearly the central legal concept of the doctrine, that is, that under our constitutional arrangements Parliament is legislatively supreme.
Some writers, who have emphasized the legal ultimacy of the rule of recognition, have expressed this by saying that, whereas the legal validity of other rules of the system can be demonstrated by reference to it, its own validity cannot be demonstrated but is ‘assumed’ or ‘postulated’or is a ‘hypothesis’.
They are internal statements of law expressing the point of view of those who accept the rule of recognition of the system and, as such, leave unstated much that could be stated in external statements of fact about the system.
The same principle, looked at from its negative side, may be thus stated: There is no person or body of persons who can, under the English constitution, make rules which override or derogate from an Act of Parliament, or which (to express the same thing in other words) will be enforced by the courts in contravention of an Act of Parliament.
The judges know nothing about any will of the people except in so far as that will is expressed by an Act of Parliament, and would never suffer the validity of a statute to be questioned on the ground of its having been passed or kept alive in opposition to the wishes of the electors.’
Its existence may be conceded to be a matter of political fact, but its normative content is a matter of law: the courts are required to enforce the terms of the most recent statement of Parliament's will, expressed in the usual form…
Judicial notions of justice must generally give way to those expressed by Parliament where they are inconsistent.
The ultimate authority for the doctrine stems from the acceptance by the people of William III as the new monarch, and the acceptance by the courts of the new legal order founded on this doctrine as expressed legally in the common law.
Now in pursuance of the premisses the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons in Parlyament assembled for the ratifying confirming and establishing the said declaration and the articles clauses matters and things therein contained by the force of a law made in due for me by authority of Parlyament doe pray that it may be declared and enacted that all and singular the rights and liberties asserted and claimed in the said declaration are the true auntient and indubitable rights and liberties of the people of this king dome and soe shall be esteemed allowed adjudged deemed and taken to be and that all and every the particulars aforesaid shall be firmly and strictly hold en and observed as they are expressed in the said declaration.
Express words will, of course, be conclusive; and so also will plain implication.
Now it must, I think, be conceded that the language of the enactment here in question is fairly express — express, that is to say, to the effect of making an unlimited and unqualified prohibition, applying to the whole area specified, and affecting everybody — whether British subjects or foreigners.
I must express some surprise that such a notion should have prevailed.
For a while, the most successful pop groups had the power to shift mass consciousness to an unprecedented degree and this confidence expressed itself in a plethora of new sexualities brought into the public eye, offered up for public consumption and then put into practice in people's lives.
The Beatles began in the showbiz style of a previous generation — homosexual manager, ‘variety’ type packaging, ‘romantic’lyrics — but quickly expressed a fresh sexuality that supplemented their huge class impact: ‘neither boys-together aggression nor boy-next-door pathos,’they challenged pop's previous masculine division between Stud and passive Boy Slave.
Frankie had nothing much more to offer till they signed to Zang Tumb Tuum (ZTT) the label (named after a First World War futurist magazine) formed by New Musical Express (NME) theorist, Paul Morley, and Dollar/ABC/Malcolm McLaren producer, Trevor Horn.
Printers expressed similar views, and painters argued for a package of extended pre-work education, a shorter  working week, and holidays with pay.
When in 1936 the first Butlins camp opened up at Skegness the £500 spent on a half-page Daily Express advert in the early spring looked like money well spent.
In the early 1900s, although there was a continued expansion of the traditional and more exclusive type of club, increasingly (and especially in the north of England), there were groups emerging whose members would not only challenge the middle-class monopoly of the countryside but who also expressed a commitment to the principles of socialism.
According to Graves and Hodge, the term ‘hiker’ had entered vernacular use from the United States in about 1927 when in an article in the Daily Express , an official of the Camping Club stated: ‘We have 3,000 members.
On the morning of Good Friday in 1932, the GWR ran a ‘Hikers’ Mystery Express' from Paddington to an unpublished destination and back.
During summer months there were many such trips; ‘Ramblers’ Harvest Moon Specials' were run along the Thames Valley, and in July 1932 an unexpected 1,400 stalwarts expressed a desire ‘to witness the sunrise from Chanctonbury Ring’as part of a Southern Railway Moonlight Walk.
On the other hand, Clare was finally able to express her anger clearly to the person who had caused it.
This can be expressed as a contrast between the ‘merely utilitarian’ and the ‘artistic’, or, on the other hand, between the ‘useful’and the ‘merely cultural’.
By contrast with Godwin and his circle, who grew out of a broad and rising general formation, at first not in critical relations with its own class, the Pre-Raphaelites, who were in majority from families of the commercial bourgeoisie, were in conscious opposition to the main cultural tendencies of their class, though they may finally be seen as articulating and expressing them.
First, it expressed its values in a more absolute form.
Second, it was based in and expressed a paradox: that the educational reform had been primarily for men; women were still relatively excluded.
Yet they remained, practically and culturally, a fractional formation, and this can be seen especially with the advantage of hindsight, since it is now evident that they were expressing at once the highest values of the bourgeois tradition and the necessary next phase of a bourgeois social and cultural order.
The difficult and often contradictory principles of this age-long argument were memorably expressed as early as Plato's version of the Apology of Socrates and, with a different bearing, in his Republic .
This figure is expressed as a percentage of the records in the bottom row.
The user will normally wish to express this as a percentage of the records loaded, which is: The value of P SYNONYMS can be calculated using an iterative procedure by combining the expressions given in equations (6. 13) and (6.15):
Because only one record is examined at a time, it is possible to test the descriptors against very complex Boolean conditions, expressed in terms of the descriptors desired by the user, to obtain a match.
‘Mrs Hunnard,’ he said, ‘also on her first visit here, has expressed a wish to see — the stones.
He and Robert had in any case disappeared to drink and play cards (the express had a gaming saloon) soon after  dinner.
Individual psychological adjustment studies, then, fail to provide a useful analysis because they do not locate the disabled person in a society which contains a whole set of beliefs, practices, and so on, surrounding disability, and fail to see the consequences of these practices as expressed in the psychology of the individual disabled person.
In all societies, then, we can locate evidence of the real experiences and aspirations of different social subgroups by the level and way their culture is expressed, especially in its concrete form in the arts.
This could be expressed in encouraging schoolchildren to think that careers in ‘science’ and ‘maths’are for the brightest pupils while ‘arts’and ‘vocational training’are for others.
This is because they are concerned with clarifying and presenting their own perspective of the issues and an inactive membership has little to express when it is in a passive relationship to others.
Similarly, the disabled artist could be locked into expressing personal life  events in the hope that fame will allow escape from the dependency role that society expects of its disabled citizens.
This should mean that while we share a common understanding of disability we may express this in many different forms and in different arenas.
This plays upon the naturally alienistic attitudes of hearing parents who desperately want their deaf children to speak because of parental fear of physical expression and the implications of having to express themselves in a predominantly physical mode in order to achieve basic communication.
Deafness is unique among disabilities in that it is the clearest example we have of the way a different experience of the world can forge a completely different approach to life, which is expressed through a separate and unique language and culture.
The sensory world is a very different world without audition, and sign language is possibly the only way of fully expressing the meaning that this world has, for it is a gestural — visual — spatial language.
It was actually disabled people doing the course and expressing their opinions and not the professionals.’
When he expressed his desire to go to sea, David had attempted to dissuade him, saying, ‘It's a hard life, Matthew.
Young Richard would be kept busy with his learning for some considerable time yet, Cissie would not be ready to come home until tea-time, and David had warned her that it would be late when he and his ‘father’ returned, especially as Luther had expressed a desire to ‘celebrate afterwards’.
She did not raise her voice, or express any anger; it was a plain statement of fact.
If I have any political beliefs, they are best and quickest expressed in cliché terms.
The suggestion at the time that the Labour Party had been behind Profumo's downfall was a little unfair to many members who repeatedly expressed their misgivings about the scandalous imputations, which several of them could not regard as a proper currency for a political difference.
He wrung my hand for about five minutes and told me how much pleasure the meeting had given him, though God knows where he had extracted the pleasure from, and expressed the most fervent hope that we would become the firmest friends in the nearest possible future.
Apart from housing, rent restriction and the like, Wilson flattered me by consulting me on a number of topics, on which I was never slow to express an opinion and never disappointed when that opinion was totally disregarded or not even mentioned.
Some doubts having been expressed about the validity of her divorce in America, I caused enquiries to be made and received from my American agents copies of the decree of divorce which was issued on 7 April 1961.
To the end of his political days he remained unreconciled to what I hope and believe every public person should become reconciled to: the unimportance of most opinions expressed by most people.
In general it would be incongruous, having myself been highly honoured, to express any criticism of the honours system, but in my view its main vice has been the determination of unsuccessful candidates to receive an award.
At this first meeting I expressed appreciation at their continuing confidence in me; undertook to mediate (this time unpaid); and also to involve the services of John Montgomerie, whose clear-headed, quiet wisdom had earned him the respect and confidence of everyone he had dealt with.
There were numerous complaints about them in relation to safety, the vast majority of the disabled expressing a wish for specially adapted motor cars.
‘I have heard, and reliably heard,’ he said, ‘that the Daily Express intends to publish the twins story.’
I rang the Daily Express and to my great delight was told that Max was in the Bahamas.
I expressed doubts as to whether any further breaking of bread between Harold and the press would lead to an outbreak of peace and goodwill.
Given Aitken's fervent support for the Biafrans, it is not unfair to assume that any suggestion of confidence that was not specifically expressed would have been dampened in his mind, since the publication of the document in his view would lend strong support to critics of the government's policy.
In public he expressed great contempt for the system, but he made use of it to an immoderate degree, particularly by bestowing honours — undue honours — on the least worthy of his personal friends and particularly if the suggestion was made by anyone close to him.
I was horrified by these disclosures and indeed spent rather a troubled night reflecting on whether I had any duty to express my view.
Since the newcomers are dependent upon them for neither  employment nor housing, they are not inhibited by a web of economic and social ties from expressing their opposition to the opinions and activities of farmers or landowners hitherto considered locally omnipotent, Middle-class and well-educated, they even compete with farmers and landowners for positions of authority and local responsibility, disrupting or threatening to disrupt the customary hierarchy of dominance and status in the village.
We therefore come back to different meanings which the term ‘community’ expresses to different people.
The fear that is often expressed is that these new forms of cultivation will result in soil conditions analogous to the Oklahoma ‘Dust Bowl’ of the 1930s.
It may be — although we cannot be sure because our knowledge is so uneven — that many of the frequently expressed fears of the effects of expanding leisure opportunities on the countryside are  exaggerated, that well-publicized cases of overcrowding and ecological damage in the Lake District, in parts of the Derbyshire Peak District or on the Downs in Kent and Sussex are localized and atypical rather than the shape of things to come elsewhere.
It is possible, for example, to recall the fears expressed by conservationists in Devon and Somerset during the construction of the M5 beyond Bristol at the prospect of hundreds of thousands of the denizens of Birmingham and the Black Country descending upon Dartmoor and Exmoor.
He was dressed like you, and —’ I was anxious to express this politely ‘— he had the same reason for wanting to borrow a file.’
I felt I had to express my feelings to someone, and so that evening I told Herbert my secret.
Work like the Peplos kore (fig. 39), Exekias's neck-amphora (fig. 55) or the Vix krater (fig. 58) show archaic Greek art in its assured prime: craftsmen who are masters of their craft can develop their styles and express what they want happily within the general limitations of inherited convention.
The polarity between the ideals the kore-type was evolved to express and the new ideals evident here perhaps makes this moving work not quite an artistic success.
Polygnotos, it is clear from Pausanias's description, took two important steps which allowed him to express the classical spirit without the constrictions of the archaic tradition.
Their names are listed in Appendix 2.8, and the Commission expresses its thanks to all of them, together with an apology for any inaccuracy or misrepresentation of the evidence it has been offered.
Whatever the style, congregations show few inhibitions in facial expression and in their use of the body to express devotion.
For example, slow and meditative songs convey the depth of God's love for the individual; majestic ones centre on the exalted Christ; and those which are up-tempo express the joy of being a Christian.
There is obvious importance in having music, as well as words, in order to create and express the unity of those who offer regularly and frequently the dally common prayer of an ecclesial community.
Some concern has been expressed that in its transposition the idiom of Taizé may seem musically and liturgically slight, because it has been separated from the particular spirituality of which it is part.
A major anxiety is the apparent dichotomy (as expressed in the submission by the Royal Academy of Music) between giving church musicians ‘essential musical skills’ and training them ‘specifically in Church music’.
It enables us to express what we feel but cannot fully articulate in words alone.
But what is familiar is generally popular, and most people look to music to provide an enjoyable way of expressing their faith and aspirations.
To those who do make a commitment of this kind the Commission expresses its admiration and appreciation, particularly in the light of the small salaries paid to most church musicians.
The Commission expresses its anxiety that the proposed syllabus in the revised music curriculum allows less time than hitherto for choral music.
Some place their emphasis upon the transcendent otherness of God and the traditional ‘good’ music which expresses it.
You wear those clothes, you behave that stupid, sad, pathetic way, all to express your personality, right?
Spatially, this will be expressed in further counterurbanization and as Bradshaw and Blakeley (1979, 27) point out: ‘the rural areas [of California]grew at a rate nearly double that of the state as a whole’ between 1970 and 1976.
I knew that shrinks were meant to respect the inability of their patients to express certain fundamental anxieties, that the whole thrust of their endeavour was to move around the edifice of such neuroses, gradually excavating their foundations in memory with a sort of verbal teaspoon.
As Goldthorpe expressed it, any attempt to reduce inequalities via social policy reforms alone ‘grossly misjudges the resistance that the class structure can offer to attempts to change it’.
Not only was the value of education and health to economic growth seriously questioned but fears were being expressed that high public expenditure in these areas was acting rather as an obstacle to economic growth.
‘You have only expressed the shadow of your ideas, because you aren't good enough at drawing or painting, but the ideas, where did they come from?
Although she could hardly speak, she had recently managed to express a wish to see me.
Of these bills of lading, there is commonly three bills of one tenor made of the whole ship's lading, or of many particular parcels of goods, if there be many laders; and the mark of the goods must therein be expressed, and of whom received, and to whom to be delivered.
Honesty exists when a document is enforceable on the basis of its ostensible (as opposed to‘small print’) terms, or when express warranties are not disclaimed in the small print.
The Visby Protocol raised the package and freight unit limitation and expressed the amount as the equivalent of a specified quantity of gold: 10,000 Poincaré francs per package or 30 Poincaré francs per kilogram.
The use of NVOCC's has spread to Pacific rim countries, and as their use has grown concerns have been expressed by shippers, shipping companies, NVOCC's themselves, and bankers.
Should the call come within the next week, I shall be taking out a full-page advert in the Whaddon and Mitchley Argus to express my thanks to you all for your support during my short period as manager.
The point must not be pressed too far, since the statute obviously has a broad purpose (or, to speak more precisely, those who collaborated in framing and passing  the statute had a broad purpose) which is expressed in the words.
This rule, requiring regard to be had to the context, is sometimes expressed in the Latin maxim Noscitur a sociis, which Henry fielding translated: a word may be known by the company it keeps.
As can be seen from the illustration just given, the task of interpreting statutes gives judges the chance of expressing their own opinions as to social policy; and, inevitably, their opinions do not always command universal assent.
Lord Diplock expressed the point as follows.
When Parliament legislates to remedy what the majority of its members at the time perceive to be a defect or a lacuna in the existing law (whether it be the written law enacted by existing statutes or the unwritten common law as it has been expounded by the judges in decided cases), the role or the judiciary is confined to ascertaining from the words that Parliament has approved as expressing its intention what that intention was, and to giving effect to it.
They are the background of legal principles against which the Act is viewed, and in the light of which Parliament is assumed to have legislated, without being expected to express them.
Others reflect what was almost certainly the intention of Parliament, as that an Act applies only to the United Kingdom unless the contrary is expressed.
The disquieting feature of the pronouncements of the House of Lords is that by flatly insisting upon the literal rule without expressing any qualifications, they tend to repress the use of the traditional tools by which the judges have in the past introduced rationality into the statute law.
Even if you are of opinion that a fact stated in the problem is immaterial, you should not (in general) pass it by in silence but should express your opinion that it is immaterial, and, if possible, give reasons.
Moreover, distinctions should be pointed out even though in the opinion of the student they are not material, if it could conceivably be argued that they are material: of course the student should express his own opinion that they are not material.
‘At the same time I do not suppose that a court would take the view that I am here expressing.
in the Court of Appeal, ‘in view of the historic struggle of the legislature to secure for itself the sole power to levy money upon the subject, its complete success in that struggle, the elaborate means adopted by the representative House to control the amount, the conditions and the purpose of the levy, the circumstances would be remarkable indeed which would induce the court to believe that the legislature had sacrificed all the well-known checks and precautions, and, not in express words, but merely by implication, had entrusted a Minister of the Crown with undefined and unlimited powers of imposing charges upon the subject for purposes connected with his department.’
Counsel will use deferential language in court, particularly in respect of a decision that he submits was mistaken; the worse the error, the deeper will be the respect that he expresses for the judges he is criticising.
Some writers express humility in a particularly strange way: when they wish to express an opinion but feel that the first person singular is too assertive, they use the plural (‘we submit’).
Naturally, one desires to suppress the personal element so far as possible, but if one has an opinion to express there is nothing to offend anybody in a straightforward ‘in my opinion.’
Textbooks should be quoted only if they express an individual opinion, and the lecturer (qua lecturer) not at all, When quoting authors, if the author is dead he may be referred to by his surname only, but if he is still with us it is polite to give him a handle — Sir or Prof. or Dr or Mr. As regards judges the customary J., etc., should be used irrespective of whether they are alive or dead.
To express the sound ee , the rule is:i before e , except after c .
A person may imply something in what he says, without actually expressing it.
Counsel may ‘submit’ and ‘suggest’as strongly as he likes, and he may state propositions of law and fact, but he should not express his own belief or opinion.
This will enable the court, if it so wishes, to express particular interest in one point, in which case you should of course respond by devoting yourself chiefly to it.
After counsel have concluded their arguments the presiding judge may invite members of the audience to express their opinions upon the legal problem as amici curiae .
(They may themselves have fallen victims to the cult of mediocrity in articulation, as though slovenly speech is a way of expressing radical views.)
Lawyers, above almost all others, should be able to express themselves clearly and pleasantly.
The work involves the legal processes of obtaining probate of wills and the winding up of a deceased person's affairs so that the wishes expressed in those wills may be carried out.
If a Conservative MP X or Y, who has not been known to take ideological stands, approaches a minister or a whip and expresses grave doubts, this is viewed with considerable worry and it is assumed that these objections have been put forward by the MP only after the points have been put to him with equal or greater force in his constituency.
Sometimes this divide is expressed in geographical terms by reference to the widening gap between North and South.
But she gripped her hands together to help herself bear the wailing glory of the music which was a lament for all lost and gone, loved things, an expression of a grief she had thought too deep to express.
He wanted to tell her so, but he knew he could not express himself well, so he stayed silent.
I apologize for expressing my feelings so strongly to you then.
With some reluctance Ben had agreed, but only on the understanding that outside the classroom the teacher was not to speak without his express permission.
She laughed — a different, shorter laugh, expressing a very different kind of surprise — then shook her head.
Here the experimenter effect is maximal, and the correspondence of the attitudes expressed to those that operate in every-day life is not easily determined.
Although the pejorative term ‘correlational sociolinguistics’ is sometimes used by non-practitioners of the subject who appear to make this assumption, Labov himself has expressed the fear that his methods might give rise to a flood of replicated ‘correlatory’studies of little theoretical value.
The integration index expresses numerically certain relevant characteristics of the three persons with whom each migrant most frequently interacts — for example whether or not they are kinsfolk, or whether the ties have been contracted in the premigration period.
Since Labov first developed his quantitative methods, a very wide range of different speaker variables has been examined in relation to patterns of variation, and indeed these methods can be used wherever a speaker characteristic is capable of being expressed numerically.
It is hard to see what kind of claims might reasonably be made about linguistic variation expressed as average scores of groups such as these (an additional difficulty being the abstract and contentious nature of social class labels).
The various caveats expressed in 6.8.4 on the use of statistical techniques by sociolinguists are not as negative as they might seem, since recently the overuse of significance testing in social science research generally has come in for some criticism.
Nor is it always illuminating (or even possible) in syntactic work to adopt the assumption which in quantitative phonological work is taken for granted: that the object of study is a set of surface variants expressing the same underlying semantic structure.
Sometimes an extremely simple technique is sufficient — for example Coveney (1986) reports that he obtained enough data to allow him to study quantitatively different ways of expressing future time in the French verb, simply by asking speakers about their plans for the future.
Similarly, in her study of variation between the conditional, imperfect subjunctive, present indicative and future indicative in the verbs of si clauses in Buenos Aires Spanish, Lavandera developed a set of interview questions (for example, ‘Under what conditions would you feel happier than you presently are?’) which succeeded in eliciting a high proportion of clauses expressing unreal conditions (Lavandera 1975; 1978a; 1982).
Far from meeting the equivalence criterion, these alternations express differences in focus which can be explicated only with reference to the discourse matrix in which they are embedded; furthermore, they do not have a systematic social distribution in the speech community.
Thus, Irish English does not mark syntactically the semantic distinction expressed by the verb form in standard English between ‘Have you sold your car?’ and ‘Did you sell your car?’
However, an action completed in the recent past is expressed in Irish English by a construction of the type exemplified by 39, while standard English does not mark that semantic category (the hot news perfect) in the verb form at all(see Huddleston 1984: 143 for a summary of recent work on the semantics of tense and aspect in standard English).
These four distinctions are expressed by six different forms in Hiberno-English (see further J. Harris 1984), while standard English uses perfect forms in all cases.
The procedure then would have been to express the frequency of the imperfect subjunctive in relation to all the contexts where its occurrence was possible.
But such a procedure would simply have led to the conclusion that the investigator had failed to elicit environments where the variable could be studied, and would miss the point that speakers were in fact making use of an entirely different range of choices to express stylistic differences.
What they expressed was not so much any possibility of revolution as a sort of chivalrous exasperation at things as they would always be.
Or of American Express, for that matter.
She asked him to come to her room so as not to overhear any more, and then they went downstairs in an express lift: a glass-and-gilt beetle that hurtled the twenty-eight floors in nine and a half seconds.
Mrs Mann took his hat and coat, placed a chair for him, and expressed great concern for his comfort.
Mrs Maylie sent Oliver to the nearest town, four miles away, to post two express letters.
Even the simplest, most basic requirement we make of translation cannot be met without difficulty: one cannot always match the content of a message in language A by an expression with exactly the same content in language B, because what can be expressed and what must be expressed is a property of a specific language in much the same way as how it can be expressed.
A language can, of course, express any kind of information its speakers need to express, but the grammatical system of a given language will determine the ease with which certain notions such as time reference or gender can be made explicit.
All languages, they thought, must express these ‘basic’ aspects of experience on a regular basis.
In this chapter, we will take a brief look at the variety of grammatical categories which may or may not be expressed in different languages and the way this area of language structure affects decisions in the course of translation.
the grammatical pattern of a language (as opposed to its lexical stock) determines those aspects of each experience that must be expressed in the given language.
The morphological structure of a language determines the basic information which must be expressed in that language.
Choices in language can be expressed grammatically or lexically, depending on the type and range of linguistic resources available in a given language.
Grammatical choices are normally expressed morphologically, as in the case of the singular/plural contrast in English.
They may also be expressed syntactically, for instance by manipulating the order of elements in a clause to indicate certain relations between the elements or the function of the clause (cf. the difference between the order of elements in a statement and a question in English: She had forgotten about the party.
Languages which have morphological resources for expressing a certain category such as number, tense, or gender, have to express these categories regularly; those which do not have morphological resources for expressing the same categories do not have to express them except when they are felt to be relevant.
languages are differently equipped to express different real-world relations, and they certainly do not express all aspects of meaning with equal ease.
It is difficult to find a notional category which is regularly and uniformly expressed in all languages.
On the other hand, a number of American Indian languages such as Yana and Navaho have grammatical categories which in many other languages would hardly ever  be expressed even by lexical means.
Languages therefore differ widely in the way they are equipped to handle various notions and express various aspects of experience, possibly because they differ in the degree of importance or relevance that they attach to such aspects of experience.
This change may take the form of adding to the target text information which is not expressed in the source text.
If the target language lacks a grammatical category which exists in the source language, the information expressed by that category may have to be ignored.
Second, because such information would have to be expressed lexically, it is likely to assume more importance in the target text than it does in the source text.
The idea of countability is probably universal in the sense that it is readily accessible to all human beings and is expressed in the lexical structure of all languages.
This distinction has to be expressed morphologically, by adding a suffix to a noun or by changing its form in some other way to indicate whether it refers to one or more than one: student/students, fox/foxes, man/men, child/children.
Some languages, such as Japanese, Chinese, and Vietnamese, prefer to express the same notion lexically or, more often, not at all.
And so English regularly expresses a meaning contrast between house and houses, whereas Eskimo regularly expresses a  meaning contrast between iglu, igluk, and iglut (‘one/two/more than two houses’).
Although gender is also a grammatical category in French, gender distinctions are only expressed in nouns, articles, and adjectives, and in third-person pronouns; they do not affect the form of the verb.
In such languages, a pronoun other than the second-person singular, usually the second- or third-person plural, is used in interaction with a singular addressee in order to express deference and/or non-familiarity: French vous as opposed to tu; Italian lei (third-person singular) and in certain regions, classes, and age groups voi (second-person plural) as opposed to tu; Spanish usted as opposed to tu; German Sie as opposed to du; Greek esi as opposed to esis; and Russian vy as opposed to ty.
Some languages also have different forms of plural pronouns which are used to express different levels of familiarity or deference in interaction with several addressees.
All languages have modes of address which can be used to express familiarity or deference in a similar way, cf. the difference between you, mate, dear, darling, and Mr Smith, Sir, Professor Brown, Mrs Jones, Madam.
Wishram, an American Indian language, makes no fewer than four distinctions in reference to past events alone, each distinction expressing a certain degree of remoteness from the moment of speaking.
The form of the verb in these languages does not change to express temporal or aspectual distinctions.
Hockett (1958) describes Hopi as having three main ‘tenses’: the first is used to express timeless truths, as in ‘The sun is round’; the second is used in connection with events which are either known or presumed to be known, as in ‘Paris is the capital of France’; and the third is used for events which are in the realm of uncertainty, as in ‘They will arrive tomorrow’.
In the following example, the past tense in the English text is rendered by a non-past form in the Japanese translation because the non-past is often used in Japanese to express personal judgement.
The frequency of use of the passive in languages which have a category of voice usually expresses a stylistic choice and, in some registers, may be a question of pure convention.
In some languages, notably Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese, and Thai, the  main function of the passive, or passive-like structures as in the case of Chinese, is to express adversity.
Even events which we would never passivize in English because they involve only one participant and therefore cannot ‘logically’ be passivized are expressed in passive structures in these languages if they are unpleasant, for example‘I was died on by my father’in Japanese.
Hebrew, on the other hand, expresses similar modal meanings by ‘addressing a question about the possibility of getting something done.
Throughout her article, Blum-Kulka renders Hebrew expressions used by the interviewer to direct each talk with natural-sounding English expressions which are not literal renderings of the Hebrew but which express similar modal meanings.
For a native speaker it was difficult to express what was wrong with the earlier version, except that it was ‘foreign’.
1 Choose a notional category such as time reference, gender, countability, visibility, or animacy and compare the way it is expressed in your target language with the way it is expressed in English.
Comment in particular on the sort of problems that could arise in translation from differences in the way the notion in question is expressed in the two languages.
Of the numerous formulations available for expressing a given message, a speaker or writer will normally opt for one that makes the flow of information clearer in a given context.
They also include items which express the attitude of the speaker, such as unfortunately, in my opinion, frankly, and clearly (these are called disjuncts).
Both conjunctions and disjuncts usually come at the beginning of English clauses; it is natural for the speaker to place in initial position an element which relates what s/he is about to say to what has been said before (conjunction) or an element which expresses his/her own judgement on what is being said (disjunct).
It allowed him to take words that already existed and yet express himself in a completely new way.
What gives the Arabic version its sense of continuity is not, as in the case of English, the use of a series of identical themes (I, I, I,…) but rather the frequent thematization of processes as expressed in verbs, mainly ‘saw’ but also ‘occupied’and ‘pleases’.
In the Hallidayan model, thematic choice is expressed by placing one of these elements in initial position in the clause.
If theme is whatever occurs in initial position we would have to acknowledge that some languages prefer to thematize participants (expressed as subjects in SVO and SOV languages) on a regular basis while other languages prefer to thematize processes (expressed as verbs in VSO languages).
Like all the English structures suggested above for expressing Chinese-style topics, they remain far more restricted than the normal topic-comment structure in languages such as Chinese and Korean.
Chinese seems to express the information in these cases in a way that does not coincide with anything available in English.
This is expressed in English by the intonation patterns, and it is therefore a feature only of spoken English.
It is a recognised text convention governing the field of discourse of news reporting/investigative journalism in French that a concept referred to in a noun phrase will not be expressed in the same way twice running in a text.
Conjunction expresses one of a small number of  general relations.
Second, these relations can be expressed by a variety of means; the use of a conjunction is not the only device for expressing a temporal or causal relation, for instance.
In English, a temporal relation may be expressed by means of a verb such as follow or precede, and a causal relation is inherent in the meanings of verbs such as cause and lead to.
Some languages, such as German, tend to express relations through subordination and complex structures.
Both the economic efficiency and neo-Austrian schools of thought express concern about the views of a third school which either has some fairly broad concept of the public interest as its stated objective, or in practice is motivated by more than a concern for economic efficiency and/or competition.
(in this issue) note that the context of EC competition policy has always been the promotion of competition within a single European market, despite arguments that have sometimes been expressed in favour of industrial policies designed to improve the competitiveness of European firms in international markets.
The same concern was expressed in the investigations of discounts to retailers (MMC Report on Discounts to Retailers, 1981; Office of Fair Trading, 1985) in the UK, though these reports argued against a general prohibition of price discriminatory practices in favour of a case-by-case evaluation, and the focus was as much on the monopsony power of the larger retail chains.
The guidelines are delineated in terms of the Herfindahl-Hirschman Index (HHI), which is the sum of the squares of the market shares, where the shares are expressed in percentages.
However, White, in this issue, argues that private actions have played an important role in the development of more effective antitrust in the US, and that the recent decline in the number of cases has allayed the fears, expressed in the 1980s, of excessive litigation.
A third concern, expressed above in relation to the proposals for UK policy, is that Article 86 does not provide for remedies where a market situation is not conducive to economic efficiency but the actual conduct of dominant firms is ‘innocent’.
The Economist appealed and the matter was settled on undisclosed terms, the damages being ‘adjusted’ and the editor expressing himself as being extremely satisfied.
Lord Haldane himself expressed his ‘strong conviction that, at all events for a judge who is to sit in the Supreme Tribunals of the Empire, a House of Commons training is a real advantage.
The Lord Chancellor, Lord Mackay, said it was regrettable that the judge should have expressed himself in this way.
The report then expressed the opinion that certain workmen should be eligible for re-employment if they sought it but not in any circumstances for election as shop stewards; and that other workmen should not be offered re-employment.
We consider that if judges are approached by the broadcasting authorities with a request to take part in a broadcast on some special occasion, the judge concerned ought to consult the Lord Chancellor, who would always be ready to express his opinion on the particular request.
Lord McCluskey, in the Reith lectures of 1986, expressed many criticisms and warnings.
The falseness arises when judges are presented, or present themselves, as neutral arbiters capable of providing unpolitical solutions to political problems or of expressing unpolitical opinions on political issues.
‘From the very beginning,’ says Professor Heuston, ‘Lord Halsbury took a view strongly adverse to the position of the trade union and expressed his firm opinion that the plaintiffs…were entitled to damages for an interference with their right to work.
But the five dockers' case was about the ‘very simple issue’ of punishment for men who had defied the order of the NIRC and had expressed their intention to continue in that defiance.
It is difficult to believe in the political naivete of judges, but Sir John Donaldson, president of the NIRC, looking back on the short history of that court, has expressed views which are bewildering in their ingenuousness.
In Express Newspapers v. McShane , there was a dispute over pay between the proprietors of provincial newspapers and members of the National Union of Journalists.
The union instructed its members on the Daily Express and other nationals to refuse to use copy sent out by the PA.
The judge at first instance granted the injunction and the Court of Appeal upheld his decision, Lord Denning MR saying that there was no evidence that the blacking at the Daily Express had had any effect on the provincial dispute.
On the legal substance of the case, the House of Lords had little to add to the principles on which they had decided Express Newspapers v. McShane .
In Express and Star v. National Graphical Association , the plaintiff newspapers obtained an interim injunction requiring the union to withdraw a direction to their members to take industrial action.
Their Lordships expressed the opinion that in the absence of some exceptional circumstance such as bad faith or improper motive on the part of the Minister it was inappropriate for courts to intervene on the ground of unreasonableness in a matter of public financial administration of this kind.
I express the hope that there will be a lessening in the number of challenges which are mounted against local authorities who are endeavouring, in extremely difficult circumstances, to perform their duties under the [Homeless Persons Act with due regard for all their other housing problems.
It was obviously written as encouragement to the soldiers and families separated during the long years of the Second World War, but it seemed to express the yearning that so many young men must have felt when they were far from their families, desolate and frightened:
The only thing I could do was discuss with her yet again the best way to express our case.
We all lived on top of each other and at any time one of us was probably irritated  in some way by one of the others, but Tom seemed to hold on to it for a long time, never expressing his resentment until he just flipped into despising somebody.
Having expressed her good wishes for his twenty-first birthday, she turned to an account of her own life.
Haltingly she attempted to express her emotions and, not least, the sense of finality and despair she had known when Harry wrote so affectionately of the American girl, Cora-Beth.
So a hurt child will be moody and often intensively provocative, testing out the validity of the proffered affection and expressing some of the pent-up anger and agony from the past.
The disabled person's employment services are reasonably comprehensive, and the Piercy Report on The Rehabilitation  Training and Resettlement of Disabled Persons (1956) expressed general satisfaction with the scheme.
Social workers should be able to help people with a disability express their feelings, adjust to new roles, find new sources of strength and generally cope with the psychological impact of disability.
Today few people would openly express any repugnance for the disabled, but many probably feel it, and it is implied, for example, in over-solicitous or embarrassed responses to people in wheelchairs.
New policies are expressed as much in ministerial statements, White Papers and circulars to the local authorities as in new statutes.
It is important to raise questions about the ways in which policies are expressed, and the evidence required to establish the extent of implementation Policies may be conveyed to local implementers in a range of ways from, at one extreme, the explicit imposition of duties and responsibilities to, at the other end of the continuum, the very loose granting of powers which may or may not be used.
Doubts are being expressed about whether its successor, the Universities Funding Council, will do this.
‘E vero, mio figlio ’, said Allegra at last in an aching voice that seemed to express both infinite sadness and acceptance.
This time the hand movement expressed the Manchu equivalent of sympathy and Rostov grinned in spite of himself.
There was a subtle difference which Anglic could never have expressed.
Every man there expressed his sympathy.
In addition the bride and groom or hosts could express thanks in the form of a short note and accompanying photo or small gift.
Is it because you are expected to express good wishes or thanks, or because you are old and wise and expected to give advice, or because you are an extrovert and known for being humorous, because you are closely related to the other members of the family, or because you are a friend who has known the bride and groom for many years?
Unlike wedding reception speeches the engagement party speeches are usually very short, merely introducing the young couple, expressing pleasure at the engagement, and wishing them happiness.
If the most amusing anecdote you can find is one which is rather negative, tell it and then disassociate yourself from the views it expresses.
Some journalists work for the paper read by the people who want to run the country (The Mail/The Express).
It expressed no wish, no venom, no energy in any direction.
His visions of moral order in biology and of the superior integrity of sap, expressed in a thin, precise style like the print of a hopping bird in snow, struck her as impossible to live with.
Albert seemed to notice last, and his face expressed less than anybody's.
Afterwards she repented it bitterly, but she was hopeless at apologizing: instead of retracting her feelings, what she always did was to say that she was sorry for expressing them, a kind of amends that costs nothing and carries the built-in rebuke that the other person is unable to bear the truth.
But in fact Holt C.J.'s decision related to the escape of filth and his formulation of principle was limited to that and to cattle-trespass; it was not nearly so sweeping as the rule expressed in Rylands v. Fletcher , which was reached by methods extremely characteristic of judicial development of the law — the creation of new law behind a screen of analogies drawn from existing law.
Viscount Simon and Lord Simonds reserved their opinions on this question, and Lord Porter considered that opinions expressed supporting the application of the rule to personal injuries are an undoubted extension of it, ‘and may some day require examination.’
As to the escape of water from reservoirs, even express statutory authority for their construction will not by itself exonerate their undertakers since the Reservoirs (Safety Provisions) Act 1930, now replaced by the Reservoirs Act 1975.
In Smeaton v. Ilford Corporation Upjohn J. found it unnecessary to express a concluded view on the question whether a local authority exercising statutory duties is altogether outside the rule as suggested by Denning L.J., or prima facie within the rule subject only to express or implied statutory modification as tentatively suggested by Evershed M.R. in the Pride of Derby case.
A person is entitled to act for the protection of livestock if either the livestock or the land on which it is belongs to him or to any person under whose express or implied authority he is acting; and he is deemed to be acting for their protection if and only if, either:
So, too, where furniture dealers transferred furniture on hire-purchase to X with an express proviso that the hiring was to terminate without any notice if the goods were taken in execution for debt, they could sue the sheriff for conversion when he levied execution on them.
Another way of expressing the central requirement of conspiracy to injure is to say that the law is concerned with the distinction between legitimate and illegitimate purposes, for the former will legalise the infliction of the most catastrophic and inevitable harm to the plaintiff's business.
Unfortunately, there is little systematic evidence on this as yet, although one recent small-scale survey (Caring Costs, 1991) found a number of women expressing considerable anxiety about their own future old age:
The humanity and realism expressed in the faces and attitudes of the figures which decorate the doorway are in contrast to the stylised figures of the earlier Romanesque carvings.
The draft order for an increase in PLR funding, from £4.74m this year to £5m in 1993–94, was welcomed generally by the Commons and approved — but not before the two Tory MPs once again expressed their antagonism to the scheme.
In addition to expressing disquiet over reports of continuing violations of rights in Iran, the resolution included a reaffirmation ‘that governments are accountable for assassinations and attacks by their agents against persons on the territory of another state, as well as for the incitement, approval or wilful condoning of such acts’.
The resolution made clear that the Commission ‘also expresses its grave concern that there are continuing threats to the life of a citizen of another state which appear to have the support of the government of the Islamic Republic of Iran and whose care is mention in the report of the special representative’.
Sir: While fulling endorsing the sentiments expressed by Anne Waddington (12th March), I am concerned that she appears not to know that the word ‘hopefully’ means ‘filled with hope’, not ‘it is to be hoped’.
Pan Macmillan's chairman Alan Gordon Walker expressed a similar view.
Harbourside cafes, palm trees, arrival by Simplon Orient Express, ‘30s evenings with casinos and Palm Court Orchestras, and mouth watering seafood — travel writer Carol Wright describes some of the more delicious options open to delegates to the Booksellers Association Annual Conference in Torquay
One can arrive in Torquay on chartered Venice Simplon Orient Express and have theme 1930s evenings with casinos and Palm Court Orchestras all arrangeable through the English Riviera Convention Bureau, The Tourist Centre, Vaughan Parade, Torquay (), which provides mini-guides and other information.
No Dogs covers the early history of the Sex Pistols, and their abortive US tour, as well as Lydon's childhood in the North London Irish community, where he encountered the kind of prejudice expressed in his title.
Terence Strong Stalking Horse 17th June, £15.99 Advertising:national including Daily Telegraph and Daily Express Author tour:media interviews throughout UK Media coverage:Soldier ,Pegasus ,Globe & Laurel magazines
Should the latter be the case, the concern expressed last week at the Bookseller Association Conference by BA president John Hitchin, that the threat of a tax on books was still a live issue, was not ill-founded.
Deborah Jackson Do Not Disturb: The Benefits of Relaxed Parenting for You and Your Child (Bloomsbury, £10.99): interviews BBC's Good Morning with Anne and Nick, ITV's Top of the Morning, Radio 4's Woman's Hour (12th May), Radio 5, Radio 5, Radio Ulster,Independent ,Daily Telegraph ,Guardian ,Daily Mail ,She ,Practical Parenting ,Irish Times ,Bath Evening Chronicle ,Newcastle Journal ,Newcastle Chronicle ,Dundee Courier ,Wolverhampton Express & Star .
Errol Friedberg Cancer Answers (W H Freeman, 14th May, £10.95): extracts Daily Express ; features and reviews Sunday Telegraph ,Daily Mail ,Times ,Guardian ,Daily Telegraph ,Irish Times ,Living ,Woman's Journal ,Good Housekeeping ,Health Matters ,British Journal of Clinical Practice ,Hospital Update ,Scottish Medical Journal , BBC World Service's Health Matters.
Jeffrey Archer Honour Among Thieves 4th July, £14.99 Spend:£150,000 P.o.s.:‘Flaming’ floor displays; giant banner backdrops; double-sided posters; inflatable floaters; box books Author tour:signings and talks in London, Maidstone, Birmingham, Manchester, Liverpool, Southport, Chester, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Cheltenham, Dublin, Bath Media advertising:national TV; national press including Sunday Times ,Daily Telegraph ,Daily Express ,Times ,Financial Times ,Independent on Sunday ,Evening Standard ,Irish Times ,Scotland on Sunday
Anita Burgh Overtures 23rd July, £14.99 P.o.s.:colour poster; musical mug Media coverage:reviews in Prima ,Essentials ,Woman & Home ; reviews and features in Daily Telegraph ,Daily Express ,Mail on Sunday ; regional radio interviews in Wales, Bristol, Cambridge, Cornwall, Manchester, Solent, Nottingham, West Midlands, Devon, Bedfordshire, Northern Ireland, Surrey, Sussex, Isle of Man and British Forces Radio.
Death rates were expressed as standardised mortality ratios, with the national average as 100.
Expressing albumin as a ratio to creatinine did not substantially reduce the variability.
Currently, practice data are standardised for age by converting list sizes to prescribing units and prescribing costs are expressed per prescribing unit rather than per patient.
Central to the need for the thrifty genotype hypothesis is the assumption that, when expressed, non-insulin dependent diabetes was associated with diminished fertility (at least before the advent of modern medicine).
Baseline, maximum changes, and final measurements on the four study days were compared by analysis of variance with the generalised linear interactive modelling (GLIM) statistical package and expressed as means with 95% confidence intervals.
Practitioners who returned a preprinted postcard expressing further interest were sent the package of recording booklets and distance learning programme.
Of the 380 members of the General Practitioners in Asthma Group, 183 expressed an interest in the project, of whom 103 returned recording booklets for analysis and personalised feedback; 352 practitioners out of the 2000 who received an invitation returned a postcard expressing interest and 115 returned study booklets.
Editor ,— Richard Smith has drawn attention to the concern expressed by academic physicians over the process of accreditation.
The Private Practice and Professional Fees Committee of the BMA agrees that none of this adequately explains the rise in my premium and it has expressed astonishment at the figures I have provided.
Furthermore, while inquiring into possible alternative schemes, I learned from the managing director of Norwich Union Health Care that the seemingly more reasonable ‘express care policy’ I was about to take out was barred to doctors.
In 1987 a significant number of local doctors expressed an interest in assuming greater responsibility for the clinical care of non-insulin treated patients if review could be scheduled in normal surgery time and provided responsibility for retinal screening was not included.
The patients expressed high levels of satisfaction with the care they were receiving, including the number of blood tests, the thoroughness of examination, the general practitioner's willingness to discuss diabetes, their involvement in decision making, ease of contact, and with general practice care overall (86–96% of patients answering ‘satisfied’ or ‘very satisfied’).
In contrast with the view expressed by the authors under the heading ‘Needs theories,’ we understand the need for health care to be an ability to benefit from an intervention.
This entails coupling a promoter region of a gene expressed in cancer cells with a non-mammalian enzyme that can activate a prodrug to a cytotoxic agent.
Lymphocytes that have been successfully transduced (that is, they express the genes carried by the virus) are selected and their population expanded for reintroduction into the patient.
Tumour necrosis factor, interferon alfa, and interleukin 2 have already been expressed and secreted in high concentrations within certain tumours.
If it can be shown that most children recorded as unoccupied in the census also had economically inactive lone mothers then it would be reasonable to assume that the concerns about numerator-denominator bias expressed by the Office of Population Censuses and Surveys may be exaggerated.
Provider units have expressed fears that fundholders might seek advantage through contracts.
This concern was expressed as early as spring 1991.
The memorandum expressed the government's confidence that the extra costs would be more than covered by the savings they made possible.
A cell adhesion molecule known as neural cadherin (N-cadherin) is expressed predominantly in the nervous system, where it is implicated in neuronal migration during development.
These include the T cell receptor (CD3) and its coreceptors CD4 and CD8, which together recognise complexes of antigen peptide and major histocompatibility complex on other cells; the major histocompatibility complex molecules themselves; and lymphocyte function-related antigen 2 (LFA-2 or CD2), a receptor for another immuno-globulin-like molecule, LFA3, expressed on other cells.
Another group of immunoglobulin-like cell adhesion molecules includes the so called intercellular adhesion molecules, ICAM-1 and ICAM-2, which are more widely expressed, for example, on epithelial and endothelial cells, and V-CAM, which is expressed on endothelial cells.
To complicate matters further individual cell types usually express multiple integrins.
A good example to consider here is the blood platelet that expresses predominantly αIIbα3 (GPIIb/IIIa), which binds fibrinogen, fibro-nectin, von Willebrand factor, and vitronectin but also lesser amounts of αVβ3, α5β1, α2β1 (collagen), and α6β1 (laminin).
In a series of human tumour cell lines invasion into collagen gels was inversely related to expression of E-cadherin and inhibition of invasion was achieved in a breast carcinoma cell line by transfection with a vector expressing E-cadherin.
We deny that we have been disdainful of patients: we were investigating a concern expressed by them in the most objective way we could.
Its principal practitioners and beneficiaries do not, of course, complain, but a BMA document just published expresses grave concerns about current realities and proposes far reaching reforms which, if implemented, would offer a fairer, better deal for all junior doctors (p 798).
This measure of increases in men working away from home is unduly conservative but is the closest possible from census data, being the numbers of men in these industries who were working outside their local government district of residence in 1981 minus all men in the construction industry in 1971, expressed as a percentage of economically active men in 1981.
Doubts about the adequacy of the total transfer to social services departments have already been expressed, and it is becoming clear that there may well be insufficient resources for some client groups.
The general form of their relationship has been expressed in Hammond's cognitive continuum, on which can be mapped any of the processes by which we gain knowledge of our environment.
Values for each lung function measurement were expressed in standard deviation scores calculated by the method of Bland et al .
Adjustments were made for the continuous variables triceps skinfold (measured as recommended by Tanner and Whitehouse, expressed as standard deviation scores calculated by the method of Cole) and reported maternal height.
The continuous variable weight for height expressed as standard deviation score was adjusted for in the analysis of lung function.
Table IV shows the odds ratios for respiratory symptoms in relation to birth weight, expressed as the ratio of observed weight to expected weight for length of gestation, and gestational age before and after adjustment for potential confounding variables.
This approach to psychogeriatric service provision is enthusiastically endorsed by its supporters, but others have expressed misgivings — for example, one survey has reported that referring general practitioners were suspicious of initial psychogeriatric assessments by non-medical disciplines.
A commonly expressed concern is that assessment by non-doctors may result in misdiagnosis and subsequent mismanagement of cases.
The concordance between the teams' and the research diagnoses and between these and the AGECAT classification is expressed here in terms of percentage agreement, specificity, sensitivity, and the kappa (κ) and Yule statistics.
Those health authorities which express most interest in refining formulas by varying the factors included tend to be those which have lost out with the current formula.
Since many women are now expressing a preference for minimal interference in childbirth the most acceptable management of post-term pregnancy seems to be increased fetal surveillance.
The views he expresses here are his own, and do not necessarily reflect those of Survivors Speak Out.
Editor ,— R J Jarrett expresses many concerns about the existence of gestational diabetes.
It is through this process that children learn not all men are abusers and also learn how to express their feelings appropriately.
He has therefore built up a heap of images which express something about a place and its people but also includes his own relationship to the world — what he likes, thinks and feels.
To him the camera becomes a tool which allows him to express his thoughts, feelings and moods in direct connection with the world; it allows his mind and spirit to react to and relate with the everyday world in a visible form thanks to the alchemy of photography.
He values the situations and people that have enabled him to be more himself, to find a dynamic fulfilment in the ability to express his deeper feelings, explore life further and evolve as a person.
Miss Murdock, who appears to have had a sense of humour, expressed her high regard for the autochrome process, the delights of which she said, were mainly due to the high number of failures that made the occasional successes all the more thrilling.
‘Working with dreams in this way gives me a freedom to express, a release to be creative.
Dawson enjoys using collage, especially his dream pieces, to express humour.
She Says, ‘You can express so much with a picture of a person in their natural habitat.’
SCHEDULE EXPRESS
If this scenario sounds familiar, it might be worth checking out Schedule Express.
Don't expect Schedule Express to go into the fine details of resource management.
Schedule Express produces good looking schedules.
Schedule Express has tons of graphical glitz, but not quite enough guts.
Schedule Express — nice interface, shame about the lack of features
It must be expressed as the number of periods.
He, rightly in my view, expresses his dislike for the constant advertisements.
Ken Lawrence, the former sports editor of the Daily and Sunday Express , is the TCCB's new media-relations manager, succeeding the late Peter Smith.
Whoever initiated it, it was an injudicious and inflammatory action to take and both players expressed regret later.
while he was lying on the massage table after his innings waiting for a doctor, Warner and Palairet called to express sympathy.
Doubts about his motivation were expressed during a long absence through injury last season, and Jarvis claims: ‘It was pretty obvious that some people thought there wasn't really much wrong with me.
The conversation lost some of its helpful nature after this and was ended only when the Smallholder demanded to know ‘Ooever ahst Andy Sandham to baht dowen the order?’ and even the Old Stager forbore to express the comparisons between Sandham and the Smallholder which billowed behind his lips.
SUSSEX COUNTY CRICKET CLUB HANDBOOK 1992 — Norman Gifford reminds members of the dreadful injury toll last summer, while captain Alan Wells (253 not out v Yorks, Middlesbrough) expresses faith in his playing squad (‘as strong as any in the country’).
The mRNA from 4 tumor cell lines including the glioblastomas: U251, U87, neuroblastoma: SK-N-SH, osteosarcoma: MG 63; and two normal cell types: normal lung fibroblast, IMR-90 and HUVEC's expressing tenascin (as determined by ELISA, data not shown) were primed for cDNA using random primers.
The results confirm that the AD1 sequence is represented in the mRNA of cell lines expressing tenascin and is contiguous with the known tenascin sequence.
This allows identification of colonies which are expressing particular variably-expressed LPS epitopes.
The P3A + variant of α subunit was found to be constitutively expressed in skeletal muscle, brain, heart, kidney, liver, lung and thymus, while P3A -variant was differentially expressed only in skeletal muscle.
Immature muscle expresses a γ subunit in place of ε.
Moreover, while the P3A -variant is expressed in a tissue specific manner in human skeletal muscle, the P3A + variant in constitutively expressed in all tissues examined, suggesting that P3A + and P3A -variants are generated by constitutive and regulated RNA splicing, respectively.
The P3A + variant is constitutively expressed
As shown in Fig. 4(A) and Fig. 4(B), the P3A + variant was found to be expressed constitutively in all tissues analyzed, including skeletal muscle and thymus.
The P3A -variant was expressed only in skeletal muscle tissue and muscle cell line TE671 (Fig 4A).
The second important finding of this study is that the P3A + variant is expressed constitutively both in muscle and non-muscle tissues, in contrast to the tissue specific expression of the p3A -variant in skeletal muscle.
Earlier studies have suggested that the nAChR α subunit gene is expressed specifically in muscle and perhaps in thymus, and closely related α genes are expressed specifically in brain (21).
Our data revealed that the P3A + variant of the α gene is expressed in many, if not all tissues.
The P3A + protein variant is expressed in the muscle cell line TE671 (8), but assembly of P3A + into a pentameric nAChR protein has not yet been demonstrated in muscle tissue.
It is of note that in human thymus we found only the P3A + variant of the α subunit is expressed, and therefore may have a role in the etiology of MG.
The P3A + variant which is constitutively expressed, may be generated by ‘default’ selection by the splicing machinery, while the expression of P3A -variant in skeletal muscle may be regulated by cell specific trans acting factors.
In contrast to the putative N-Oct 5 proteins, which are transcriptionally inert, the N-Oct 3 protein activates transcription from a reporter gene promoter with an octamer sequence, when transiently expressed in HeLa cells.
The brn-1 and brn-2 POU domain RNAs are highly expressed at the neural tube stage during forebrain development and are widely present in the adult brain.
The EMSA of extracts of COS cells transfected with this deletion mutant (Figure 3b, plasmid V) showed that the protein in the lower complex (N-Oct 5B) was expressed at high levels and that in the upper complex at low levels (N-Oct 5A), which is also the pattern seen in brain extracts (Figure 3a, lane 7 and 1).
It was previously shown that the transcription of this test gene critically depends on quantity and quality of ectopically expressed octamer binding proteins [7].
The other surprising result was observed when a stable RNA was expressed after removal of the 3' sequences; three proteins were apparently generated.
Moreover, this gene is expressed in a number of neuroectoderm-derived cell types that also express N-Oct 3 (E. Schreiber, unpublished observations).
We have recently cloned cDNA encoding the large subunit of TFIIF that interacts with the small subunit in vivo and shown that bacterially expressed proteins of both could replace the transcription initiation activity of native TFIIF (20).
To construct plasmids expressing C-terminal deletion mutants of RAP74, the NcoI site at the translation initiation site was first converted to an NdeI site by inserting a synthetic oligonucleotide.
Plasmids expressing N-terminal deletions of RAP74 were constructed by inserting restriction fragments from HindIII, FspI or StuI sites to the BamHI site that encodes polypeptides from the 73rd, 205th and 356th amino acid to the C-terminal end, respectively, into the NdeI and BamHI sites of pET15b.
Plasmids for expressing GAL4-RAP30 or VP16-RAP74 fusions were constructed by inserting PCR-generated fragments of RAP30 or RAP74 into the EcoRI site of plasmid pSG424 (34) or pAASVVP16 (35), respectively, as in (20).
Bacterially expressed subunits of TFIIF, r74 and r30, were purified as described in Materials and Methods, and analyzed on 10% SDS-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis.
The specific activity of the bacterially expressed TFIIF was estimated to be 5–10% of the native HeLa factor, and its activity required preincubation with other transcription factors derived from HeLa nuclear extract.
We observed that the bacterially expressed RAP74 protein forms a tetrameric aggregate in solution, and this property was assigned to an internal region from 73 to 356 (data not shown).
(A ) Recombinant RAP30 (r30) and RAP74 (r74) expressed and purified as in Methods were analyzed on 10% SDS-PAGE along with HeLa native TFIIF purified as in (24) and visualized by silver staining. 1.
Two effector plasmids for expressing the deletion mutants of RAP74 fused to VP16 activating domain and the wild-type RAP30 fusion with GAL4 DNA binding domain were cotransfected with the reporter plasmid G5EC into CV1 cells.
Two effector plasmids for expressing the deletion mutants of RAP30 fused to the GAL4 DNA binding domain and the wild-type RAP74 fusion with the VP16 activating domain were cotransfected with the reporter plasmid G5EC into CV1 cells and CAT activity of cell extracts was assayed.
C ) r74(1–517) (circles) and r74(1–435) (squares) was each titrated against the fixed amount of r30 and resulting transcripts were quantitated by an image analyzer (Fuji BAS2000) and expressed as an arbitrary unit.
As shown in Table 1, when C/EBPα was constitutively expressed under the control of the SV40 enhancer/early promoter, we obtained a strong transactivation of our reporter gene which, however, was not further enhanced by IL-6.
The same behaviour was also observed when C/EBPδ was expressed under the control of the same promoter.
We confirm here that IL-6DBP is expressed constitutively in Hep3B, but we also show that it is not present in the major IL-6 induced complex protein DNA.
(45) have recently shown that in Hep3B cells stably expressing exogenous copies of NF-IL6, no IL-6-dependent activation of fibrinogen, another AP gene, can be observed.
The three types of codons UGA, AUA, and CUN were modified to fit the E.coli genetic code and the corresponding ORF, cloned in the bacterial expression vector pDR540 (Pharmacia-PL), was expressed under the control of the tac promoter.
Polypeptides expressed in E.coli as fusions with glutathione S-transferase (GST, 1) have proven useful for analysis of protein-DNA and protein-protein interactions.
Photographic negatives of the gels were scanned by densitometry, the integrated peak areas for each form of DNA were measured, and the amounts of linear DNA produced were expressed as a percentage of the total amount of DNA.
The inability of a multicopy plasmid, carrying the entire temperature-sensitive hsd operon from the chromosome, to express the temperature-sensitive phenotype was an unexpected result.
RJ2.2.5, a mutant derived from the human B-lymphoma cell, Raji, is unable to express the MHC class II genes because of a recessive transcriptional defect attributed to the lack of an activator function.
An inverse correlation between the level of DNA-protein complex formed and the level of MHC class II gene mRNA expressed in the three cell lines was apparent, suggesting that overexpression of a DNA binding factor forming complexes with class II promoter elements may cause repression of MHC class II transcription.
TXII, a RJ2.2.5 derivative which recovered ability to express MHC class II genes upon transfection with mouse genomic DNA (22), was grown in the same conditions and the growth rate was measured for comparison: the doubling time of this transfectant was similar to that exhibited by Raji (24 hrs).
The ability of AR to express MHC class II genes was then established.
While RJ2.2.5 expressed, as expected, a DR-negative phenotype (mean of fluorescence = 4.35), AR was instead positive (mean = 184.82).
The amount of class I antigens present in AR was similar to that exhibited by RJ2.2.5; the latter expresses a reduced amount of class I antigens onto the cell surface compared to Raji.
In addition, extracts from another MHC class II negative cell line, HeLa, behaved like RJ2.2.5 extracts, thus suggesting that inability to express MHC class II genes parallels the presence of an excess of a promoter binding factor.
The X-box binding activities expressed by Raji, RJ2.2.5 and AR were further characterized.
As, in comparison with Raji, the RJ2.2.5 mutant exhibits a slower growth rate, it was possible to isolate a revertant cell line in which the ability to express the MHC class II genes is partially restored (Fig. 1).
Characterization of the binding activities present in the nucleus of the wild-type, the mutant and the revertant cells has shown that there is an inverse correlation between the amount of class II mRNA expressed and the level of a nuclear complex formed with the X-box.
c) Deleted DNA was expressed as shown by the detection of the fusion transcript.
Zebrafish pou [c]: a divergent POU family gene ubiquitously expressed during embryogenesis
We report the isolation and characterization of cDNA for a novel zebrafish (Brachyodanio rerio ) POU domain gene,pou [c], which is ubiquitously expressed during embryonic development.
In mammals, several members of the POU gene family including pit-1 ,oct-2 ,brn-1 ,brn-2 ,tst-1 ,brn-3 and oct-6 (1–3,5,6,35,45) are expressed widely in the developing central nervous system (CNS) and in some cases in a limited number of other organs.
Oct-3/4 is expressed in primordial germ cells, unfertilized oocytes and in the inner cell mass and may play a role in early developmental decisions (47).
In contrast, Oct-1 is believed to be ubiquitously expressed (7).
In C.elegans ,unc-86 is expressed in a number of distinct neuroblasts and neurons shortly after neuroblast divisions, and although no clear correlation to neural functions can be made, a direct coupling to cell lineage has been shown (48).
In this paper we report for the first time the isolation of cDNA for a zebrafish POU family gene which is ubiquitously expressed during embryogenesis.
To characterize the DNA-binding specificity of the divergent pou[c] protein we expressed pou[c] cDNA in E.coli as a fusion to glutathione S-transferase (GST) and performed gel mobility shift assays (GMSA) with the affinity purified fusion protein (52).
As seen from the Northern blot in Fig. 2,pou [c]is expressed as an approximately 3.2 kb long transcript as early as 3 hours (h) of development.
The gene is expressed throughout embryogenesis with an increase in the expression level between 3 and 10 h and a further increase at the hatching stage.
This variation in signal intensity may reflect the differences in the cell density of tissues that express the gene.
In conclusion,pou [c]seems to be ubiquitously expressed during embryogenesis, but with the highest expression level in the CNS.
Of the previously described POU genes only oct-1 seems to be expressed in most tissues.
It is therefore intriguing that our in situ hybridization analyses strongly suggest that pou[c] is ubiquitously expressed during embryonic development although the highest level of expression is seen in the CNS.
Thus, our results on pou [c]expression indicate that there may be additional ubiquitously expressed POU genes also in mammals and other vertebrates that have not been isolated yet.
Recently, it was shown that two independent EF-1α genes in Drosophila melanogaster expressed individually during development (5).
In order to identify new genes preferentially expressed in cytotrophoblasts of first trimester placenta, which display phenotypical characteristics similar to tumor cells, we have made a subtracted cDNA library.
One of these, designated B9, was expressed sparsely in terminal placenta and with varying levels in most other tissues.
TEF-1 may also serve to activate tissue specific genes at critical stages during animal development; in fact, it may be one of the first enhancer activation proteins expressed during mammalian development.
Each data represents the values of three different measures of each sample (expressed in pg of specific mRNA per µg of total RNA).
The transcription products were quantitated by densitometry; P A2b activity is expressed in each case relative to that observed with supercoiled DNA at the lowest ionic strength assayed, which is considered as 100%.
Human TBP, used for affinity-chromatography, was expressed in E.coli and purified as described (12).
Clones encoding recombinant yeast TFIIA subunits TOA I and TOA II were kindly provided by Drs J.A.Ranish and S.Hahn and expressed in E.coli cells.
For this purpose the two subunits (TOA I: 32.2 kDa; TOA II: 13.5 kDa) of the protein were separately expressed in E.coli and purified by chromatography on Q Sepharose as described (17).
Definitive proof that the activity in question is related to TFIIA was obtained from experiments with recombinant yeast TFIIA expressed in E.coli .
The octamer site binds both the constitutively expressed transcription factor Oct-1 and a novel cervical octamer binding protein.
Paradoxically however, the great majority of the cellular factors which have been shown to bind to the URR such as NFI (6) API (7) and the glucocorticoid receptor (5) are expressed in all cell types raising the question of how the epithelial-specificity of the URR is produced.
The existence of a large family of octamer binding proteins many of which are expressed specifically in different cell types such as B cells (9), embryonal carcinoma cells (10) and the testis (11) suggested the possibility that this site might play a role in the epithelial specificity of the URR by binding an epithelial-specific octamer binding protein.
In agreement with this idea several groups have recently shown that this site does indeed represent a functional binding site for octamer binding proteins (12–14) and we have demonstrated that it can bind both the constitutively expressed octamer binding protein Oct-1 and a novel octamer binding protein expressed in cervical cells (15).
When extracts from the fibroblast cell line BHK-21 were used in the band shift assay, a single complex formed on this probe representing binding of the constitutively expressed octamer binding protein Oct-1 (Figure 2a).
Hence the two base changes in the octamer-like sequence in HPV 6/11 compared to HPV 16/18 render it non-functional as a binding site both for the constitutively expressed octamer binding protein Oct-1 and the cervical octamer binding protein.
Interestingly however, the data presented here suggest that activation of HPV gene expression may not be dependent on decreased expression of Oct-1, which in any case is known to be expressed at enhanced levels in rapidly proliferating transformed cells (28, 29).
Effect of co-transfecting the pBL 2 CAT constructs containing the HPV 16 octamer/NF1 motif (closed circles) or the corresponding HPV 6 motif (open circles) with the indicated amounts (in micro-grams) of pJ7 plasmid vector or the pJ7 vector expressing Oct-1.
Compared Janet NcCalman alledged charmer and being questioned as to her using of charms confessed that she used one charm for Causing Cows bull (called eelis dhair) which she practices by expressing some words over water and that she gave it particularly to one NcAbhrionid in Balulise.
1719 for building an Schoolhouse for Killdaltan parish 20 0 0 1721 to the purchasing of the Communion Eliments 83 14 0 to the expences of an Express sent out to Mr. Anderson in Edinr. annent the Plague in Winter last, 12 0 0 to Abarew Innis for his services during that time 6 0 0 to harleing etc of the Schoolhouse of Killerow 6 0 0 1727 ffor the building of the Kirk of Kilnachtane 147:9:0 1728 ffor Schools in Islay 13:6:8 A note that the next stent is to pay £5 sterling to Allexr.
Compared Janet NcCalman alledged charmer and being questioned as to her using of charms confessed that she used one charm for Causing Cows bull (called eelis dhair) which she practices by expressing some words over water and that she gave it particularly to one NcAbhrionid in Balulise.
1719 for building an Schoolhouse for Killdaltan parish 20 0 0 1721 to the purchasing of the Communion Eliments 83 14 0 to the expences of an Express sent out to Mr. Anderson in Edinr. annent the Plague in Winter last, 12 0 0 to Abarew Innis for his services during that time 6 0 0 to harleing etc of the Schoolhouse of Killerow 6 0 0 1727 ffor the building of the Kirk of Kilnachtane 147:9:0 1728 ffor Schools in Islay 13:6:8 A note that the next stent is to pay £5 sterling to Allexr.
1781"The Society for Propagating Christian Knowledge having appointed a Schoolmaster for the Parish of Kildaltan, with a Sallary of six pounds sterl., on the Express condition that the Parish should pay him four pound more —Therefore the Parish of Kildaltan are Stented with the said sum.
This Meeting know they have no title to impose a Tax upon the Community at large towards this purpose, but they feel it an indispensible duty to express how desirable it would be for the use and service of the inhabitabts of Islay.
The Chairman will then call the names of Members in order of list, when each individual will require to express his or her opinion on the subject.
"The Chairman called upon Mr. Hector Macfadyen to read his Essay on" Heredity"after which the Members in rotation were requested to express their mind on the subject.
2–10–1905 They discussed the report of the Synod Committee and were dissatisfied, the report being "a misrepresentation of the state of the congregation" and expressed their sympathy with Rev. Peter Stewart and assured him of their full confidence.
17–11- In the Public Hall at Bridgend, the Moderator expressed his sympathy with the congregation "on account of their Pastor, Mr Stewart, having resigned and joined the legal Free Church."
They expressed deep regret and promised henceforth to keep the peace."
The Session regretted their decision and its consequences to the Church, but expressed the hope that both Parties may come to some arrangement that the work of the Church shall he carried on without hindrances."
For soon after descending from their international express at Zurich's main station, new arrivals may be standing on the bridge where Zurich's river, the Limmat, joins its lake, the Zurichsee, looking up at green fields and trees, at ancient towers, or perhaps down-lake to a wide expanse of blue water criss-crossed by the wakes of pleasure steamers, decorated by the white sails of holidaying yachtsmen.
Facts are whatever it is that is expressed by true propositions, and "The Earth is round" and "Ruritania does not exist" both happen to be true.
They both express facts, we have said; but this reveals little.
What kind of facts do they express?
Expressed in another way, in attributing existence to an entity one is not saying anything about that entity that has not already been said by naming it.
The existential proposition here merely expresses in a general form what we know to be the case in a particular instance, i.e. that the concept man does indeed have an application.
If the proposition we start out with is simply that men exist — which, we are  told, should be more appropriately expressed as (Ex) x is a man — then no doubt sooner or later we shall run into Jones and will be able to proclaim the happy discovery.
For to say that entities of a certain sort do not exist is to say, in effect, that not a single entity in the world has the indicated property, or properties; or, expressed differently, that the relevant concept cannot be correctly applied to anything.
Existential claims are more naturally expressed within the context of a specific domain of discourse.
If, however, an existential claim is expressed in such a manner, then it can be paraphrased in terms of valid inference.
Truth is literally what a true proposition expresses.
A general definition — apart from a perfectly trivial nominal definition, such that truth is whatever is the case, or whatever true propositions  express — cannot be provided; nor, strictly speaking, is it needed.
What kind of facts do the propositions communicating such claims express?
For what remains throughout of central interest and importance are the ontological claims expressed in such propositions, and to say that such propositions communicate certain characteristics of relevant concepts does little to explain the meaning of such claims.
It follows that there can be no question of the ontological claims expressed in existential proposition being explicable in terms of attribution of certain properties to certain items which may or may not possess such properties.
I can assert of the oldest tree in the park (if there is such a tree) that it is an oak, but I can also say of the sentence "The oldest tree in the park is  an oak" that it means the same, or that it expresses same thought as, say, its French or Chinese translation, irrespective of whether it says anything true.
The concept of equisignificance can now be easily explained, for to say of two symbols that they have the same meaning is merely to say that they both express the same species of thought.
Briefly, it is this: that if a topic happens to be a non-meaning, then it must be possible, in addition, to refer to it by means of different, non-synonymous descriptive phrases expressing different yet essential features of the non-meaning in question.
The point is that "Shakespeare" , used as a name, enables us to express intelligibly all such possibilities.
Expressed in a different way, one cannot coherently both use "Shakespeare" as a name and assume that Shakespeare literally could be "anything" .
Expressed differently, for any given existent, in any context in which this existent may be "talked about" , there is a non-arbitrary set of predicates attributable to that existent.
Expressed differently, if a thing exists genuinely in se (i.e. if it is a true substance), then a description of its defining features cannot involve references to anything outside that thing; by the same token, if what purports to be a description of a substance involves references to different substances, then it cannot be regarded as a genuine description of any substance.
The problem that we are confronted with here has two aspects, and might be expressed in the form of the following two questions:(a) Is it possible to bridge the difference between relations and properties by treating all relations as "relational properties" ?, and (b) Can "relational properties" always and unconditionally be regarded as intrinsic to the terms that have them?
Returning now to monism v. pluralism, the central issue, expressed in terms of predicates, reduces to the question whether we can somehow make do without any polyadic predicates, except perhaps those of the "reflexive" variety?
There is no question, of course, that we make use of relational or "polyadic" predicates of the most diverse types, and that we would be hard put to it to express what we wish to express without them.
What needs to be shown is that the given proposition and its "neuro-physiological" paraphrase do indeed have the same logical subject and express the same fact.
Nizan's personal need to combat an oppressive bourgeois philosophy with the liberating intellectual system of Marxism could not be more starkly expressed.
Expressed crudely, advocates of this approach tend to locate the essential Nizan in the act of resignation itself and proceed to interpret his allegiance to communism in the light of the events of September 1939.
Expressed simply, Nizan was still forced to earn his living by conventional means such as teaching, yet his overriding objective was full integration in the ranks of the French communist party.
Only the style and tone with which he expressed them evolved in unison with the avatars of a progressively deepening international crisis.
It needs to be borne in mind initially that the ideas expressed in this statement of 1932 reflect the sectarian cultural views prevalent in communist circles following the 1930 Kharkov RAPP Congress, and prior to the 1934 Soviet Writers' Congress.
Nizan himself expressed it more simply: "The major problems consist in infusing art with the spirit of revolution without destroying art in the process."
Such a child, left to himself, grows up not only unable to express himself but unable to reason.
Sleight invited Congress to express its feeling about this remark, which the members duly did by resolving: That this Congress of the British Deaf and Dumb Association, held at Leeds, indignantly protests against the imputation of the Right Hon.
The meeting expressed the hope that a women's meeting would be held during each Congress and that more women should be trained to work with the deaf.
At the same time the deaf and dumb should not be regarded as a class incapable of expressing opinions concerning their welfare or of safeguarding and promoting their own interests.
The BDDA expressed their pride in the President and their gratitude with a medal of honour in 1968.
"The opponents of change were no less blunt and were also given space to express their views in the BDN.
The idealism which inspired this Act of Parliament was eloquently expressed in the House of Commons by Alfred Morris, MP for Manchester, Wythenshawe who had originally introduced this measure as a Private Member's Bill: If we could bequeath one precious gift to posterity, I would choose a society in which there is genuine compassion for the chronically sick and disabled; where understanding is unostentatious and sincere; where needs come before means; where if years cannot be added to their lives, at least life can be added to their years;…where the disabled have a fundamental right to participate in industry and society according to ability; where socially preventable distress is unknown; and where none has cause to be ill at ease because of disability.
One of their champions the prominent politician Jack Ashley, who remains an elected Member of Parliament after having been  deafened at the age of forty-five, expressed their feelings in a speech delivered in 1973: the deaf must adopt a very different attitude to society as a whole…
The Board of Trustees of Gallaudet College expressed its sentiments by passing a special resolution acknowledging Hayhurst's international activities and, in particular, his service as a member of the Bureau of the World Federation of the Deaf and as Vice-Chairman of its Commission on communication.
Another money raiser is Ian Shepherd, who expressed his gratitude to members of his deaf community for their help in the upbringing of his partially deaf daughter by running in the London and New York marathons in 1981, collecting more than £7,000 through sponsorship.
Staff may express a wish to have "negative segregation" , that is, that such patients should be excluded.
They can be expressed in the form of 4 propositions about the shaping of multidisciplinary working styles.
We do an assessment and allow them to express their views on the quality of life in hospital.
It is an educational setting that is totally unlike ordinary school, where girls learn to be responsible parents while also expressing themselves like any other fourteen or fifteen-year olds.
The historian's main points or ideas can usually be discovered in (a) the first and/or last paragraph of a chapter or section,(b) the first sentence of a paragraph — this is the key point for the paragraph and it is usually expressed in one sentence.
The chapter/section idea(s): these will be much more concrete, are usually expressed in the first and/or last paragraphs and should be seen as a part of the wider themes/theses of the book.
The paragraph idea(s): Most historians put just one main idea in each paragraph, often expressed in one sentence and usually placed at the beginning of the paragraph.
It (a) allows you to concentrate on expressing your ideas,
The style or way of expressing your ideas will create an impression with the reader.
express neatly and attractively an idea, comment or judgement you wish to make.
Neither should quotations be used to express an opinion and thereby avoid expressing your own opinion or using your own words.
Even if a historian has expressed an idea or answered a question exceptionally well, it is still better in the main to put the same point into your own words.
You are encouraged to express your own ideas in essays and many questions demand it.
The substitutes must be able to express the purpose and significance of the originals, and must therefore be carefully chosen.
Superb courage and unlimited patience supported an altogether exceptional political intelligence, and in both speech and writing he could express his beliefs with all the brilliance of a highly original mind…
He neither showed nor expressed any grief at this regrettable development.
Taking all these things together, I think they give ground for the suspicion expressed by Mr. Henderson and other Labour ministers that Mr. MacDonald had deliberately planned the scheme of a National government; which would at the same time enable him to retain the position of Prime Minister and to associate with colleagues with whom he was more in sympathy than he had ever been with his Labour colleagues…
Refer to sources D and E. How do they contradict the arguments expressed in B and C?
Contrary to the view expressed by some critics, one of the dialogue was written by us.
WILLIAMS: I know now how to express myself, but I really know but one effectual and honourable way to disengage yourself from the dangerous situation you are in.
He was educated in Paris, and when he heard that some Americans had been present at today's ceremonies he expressed a wish to meet you."
(ii) the topic (What is the programme about?), the setting (Where is it?), the point of view expressed (What effect does the programme seek to make?), or the language (How is described?).
There are times when you want to encourage talk within the classroom group, with students drawing on their own language resources to express thoughts they want to communicate.
Programmes can be viewed as programmes, and students encouraged to express their opinions as to how they were made and how effective they were.
Er it is proposed that the  Water Company er be formed with the express intention of capturing eight point five percent of the United Kingdom bottled water market.
Tony did express an interest in going last time so we felt that
Erm because I, I know that er  cell adhesion molecule C D thirty one is present in all erm vascular, vascular endophilia whether it's, it's erm er expressed in more erm  vessels  average
If it's expressed as a percentage of patients  the bar on the left side represents those sites who performed more than one hundred cases during the audit period.
Tt we were expressing , John and I, some erm concern that the the same few people seemed to be offering the soloing or  we'll do something bits.
Erm I had expressed a preference for the Navy, so I was sent to Plymouth, to join the Devonshire regiment, at Mill Bay docks, which was a an infantry regiment and machine gun core regiment.
Cos probability is always expressed as a fraction.
It's er  it isn't it isn't everyday language, and I'm not sure that it helps us express what we really want to say.
Concern has been expressed periodically by architects, trade unions, the Construction Industry Training Board and both central and local government, at the growth in use of labour-only subcontractors.
The target is best expressed in hours rather than in money terms.
The estimates of operational time —the actual bonus target —will be expressed in individual or gang hours, for example: Quantity of work X Labour constant = Target hours Gang size The labour constant used to calculate the bonus target must represent fairly the average output of the average operative, working under average conditions.
In certain trades, e.g. brickwork, square metres would be expressed in thousands of bricks and labour items included to provide a true comparison of cost.
This restriction will apply irrespective of the view expressed by the planning authorities.
An easement can come into existence by express grant or by contract, but it can also arise in at least three other ways.
For reasons such as these there had been a steadily rising tide of national self-consciousness since the 1960s, expressed particularly in a movement to protect ancient monuments and churches and also in a group of writers and filmmakers who had tried to rediscover the honesty, simplicity and even patterns of speech of traditional village life.
The interests of the non-indigenous population were articulated by bodies such as‘Interfront’ in Latvia, set up in January 1989, and its counterparts in the other republics; the concerns of the substantial Russian-speaking minority in these republics were also expressed in letters to the central press, and found some reflection in the speeches of members of the party leadership.
The stance that local leaderships had taken had enormous public support, expressed both in the number prepared to take part in public meetings and in opinion polls, and openly nationalist pressures became if anything still stronger.
The ethnic differences that emerged elsewhere in the USSR in the late 1980s were for the most part more traditional, almost ‘tribal’ in character, in that they sprang from antipathies between ethnic groups  with different religious, linguistic and historical backgrounds and expressed themselves in the form of communal clashes rather than pressures for formal independence.
The leader of another informal nationalist grouping, the Forum for the Peoples of Abkhazia, was elected to the Congress of People's Deputies and to the new-style Supreme Soviet, where he expressed some reservations about the idea of strengthening the fifteen union republics at the expense, almost certainly, of the smaller  national-territorial units that were subordinate to them.
A republic-wide vote was held on 30 March 1991 in which 90.3 per cent of the population were reported to have taken part, 98.9 per cent of whom expressed support for the restoration of Georgian independence; following this, on 9 April, the Georgian parliament adopted a further resolution proclaiming the republic a fully independent state (the act, for the moment, had little practical significance).
It was in deficit in its trade with the outside world, calculated in Soviet domestic  prices, but with its oil and other resources expressed in world market prices it was the only republic to have a positive balance in its trade with non-Soviet partners; and it was the most economically self-sufficient of all the republics.
The referendum took place on 17 March 1991, when voters all over the Soviet Union were asked to express a view on the following question: ‘Do you consider it necessary to preserve the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics as a renewed federation of equal sovereign republics in which the human rights and freedoms of any nationality will be fully guaranteed?’
The Belorussian president, Nikolai Dementei, who had expressed support for the coup, resigned on 25 August, and the republican parliament voted shortly afterwards in favour of the ‘political and economic independence of Belorussia’.
Finns began to express an interest in Karelia, acquired by the USSR following the Winter War; and the Estonians and Latvians began to query the status of their boundaries with Russia.
In the speech Gorbachev expressed a wish for renewed dialogue and cooperation, above all in relation to the threat of a nuclear war in which there could be ‘no winners’.
In his electoral address of February 1985 Gorbachev returned to the European theme, regretting the loss of impetus that had occurred since the signature of the Helsinki Final Act ten years earlier and expressing the hope that West Europeans would not allow ‘our common home’ to be converted into a testing-ground for American doctrines of ‘limited’nuclear war.
In the speech Gorbachev expressed his personal support for the United Nations, which had ‘increasingly manifested its ability to act as a unique international centre in the service of peace and security’, and repeated his belief that the most important issues that faced the world community were global rather than regional in character.
The agreement, which was of unlimited duration, made no direct reference to SDI; nor did it involve conventional or chemical weapons, although both sides expressed a wish to reach an agreement on such matters at the earliest opportunity.
Gorbachev, at a press conference on 1 June, expressed the view that more could have been achieved, including a joint statement of political principle and some advance in the discussions on conventional arms, and complained of a certain ‘contradictoriness’ in the American position.
The Soviet party also expressed its concern in a letter of June 1981 to the Central Committee of the Polish party.
The letter expressed the CPSU's ‘deep anxiety for the fate of socialism in Poland’, regretted that the necessary measures had not been taken against domestic anti-Soviet and anti-socialist forces, and called upon the Polish party to ‘reverse the course of events and channel them in the right direction’.
Under, inner — how do these conditions express themselves?
Little Maureen, whose face so disturbed me, fair, freckled, abjectly Nordic, the mouth too big or just too external, designed to express only powerlessness.
Mothers express it best: their postures seem to concede that you have the power over their children; as a doctor, you can leave the children alone, and you can take them away, and you can bring them back, if you choose to.
At one point, early on, this kid was counting out money and saying something like, you haven't got a choice there and if you don't like it you can shop around, when we said, in a voice I'd never heard before, a voice that no longer pretended to be nice, a voice that expressed all the effort of pretending to be so nice for so long.
The doctors read these thankyou notes with tears in their eyes, especially when gratitude is expressed in a childish hand.
While this may be true, in part, for acutely disturbed patients, for those who are unable to express themselves clearly or for those with advanced senile dementia, it is not true of most people who depend daily on mental health services.
Even when people are very severely disturbed they can express legitimate choices about whether they wish to be alone or in company, occupied or relaxing, about the food they like, about whether they would prefer silence or a music-filled room, and so forth.
However, it is difficult to say if this is desirable from the residents' point of view, or whether they would prefer to live in a mixed group of people with differing levels of disability; when  asked, most patients express a preference for being with others who do not have behavioural problems.
People with schizophrenia who are discharged from hospital to live with relatives who are over-critical, disapproving or who express a high level of anxiety and tension, are more likely to suffer early relapse than those returning to a neutral or tolerant atmosphere, and spending less time in daily contact with other members of the family, possibly by attending a day centre or going to work, seems to help some sufferers to cope with an emotionally charged home environment.
Recently great concern has been expressed about the high suicide rates of young offenders and adult prisoners held on remand in prison or after sentencing.
Accurate diagnosis and treatment rely on effective communication through discussion of personal experiences, emotions and ideas expressed in an individual's own language.
Scientists and engineers tend to express their ideas in the form of equations because they need to know the precise values of quantities.
But however one expresses it, all the evidence is that the quantum phenomenon and the uncertainty principle are unavoidable and that they occur in every branch of physics.
Unfortunately, like much jargon, the term has arisen partly from people who needed a term to express what they were actually doing and partly from suppliers seeking a new vehicle to act as a stimulant for their products.
the measurement of a complete set of lower case alphabet characters in a given type size expressed in points or picas.
the thickness of sheet of paper or board expressed in microns (millionths of a metre).
The right of copyright gives protection to the originator of material to prevent use without express permission or acknowledgement of the originator.
Express -
denotes the width of a setting expressed in pica ems.
Memory size is expressed in K or M.
the measurement used in typesetting to express quality of output.
All this technology is fairly meaningless unless we can express its capabilities in comparison with the traditional methods.
As with all new ideas it met with resistance and considerable doubts were expressed about the quality of such type compared with previous methods.
There have been presentation graphics programs around for several years now in the PC marketplace; programs such as Harvard Graphics, Lotus Freelance, Daverelle, Genigraphics and 35mm Express, all merrily turning out graphs, charts and text for use as presentation aids.
They express the man.
The analogy may be of Britain gaining an Empire by accident, and then losing it; this century, town planning has expanded its subject field, as disciplinary boundaries first collided and then were realigned, at a time when the nature of complex environmental problems was reidentified and expressed again in different terms.
These were expressed in schematic diagrams showing the relationship between building development and open land.
This cultural context which affected attitudes towards the city and how it might be planned was built up from a number of sources and expressed in the literature of the day (Timms and Kelley. 1985).
First we consider the demands for renewal and redevelopment, as expressed at the very beginning of the war years.
The need for planned dispersal, the reduction of overcrowding and congestion, and by implication the redevelopment of the central parts of cities was strongly expressed.
expressed the hope in a preface that its Report,Our towns: a close-up (1943), would be ‘the last of its kind’.
In a romantic, rather cloying story of an English family, the authoress Jan Struther (Joyce Anstruther) showed how things had changed: A new community feeling was being expressed and those keen to work for the development of State initiatives were quick to feed on it (Marwick, 1968).
He took the ten radials, previously selected, and projected a system of ‘express arterial roads’, including a new outer ring (the D ring), placed on the inner edge of the green belt.
The key instrument of control became the Floor Space Index (FSI), a disarmingly simple measure which expressed the relationship between the curtilage of a site and the Moor area of the buildings erected on it.
The wealth and power of the Victorian cities and the civic pride expressed in their impressive town halls, first enabled them to pioneer public services; later it permitted them to build up teams of technical staff and take on a range of tasks of increasing complexity and sensitivity.
The garden city ideal as expressed at Letchworth and Welwyn, the garden suburb at Hampstead, Bournville and Wythenshawe , the planned estate either suburban or redeveloped, or the MARS group's proposals for London just before the war were no more than partial concepts by comparison.
Duncan Sandys' initiative in creating this body (not without some alarm expressed by his senior officials in the Ministry of Housing and Local Government) was soon to pay dividends, because it directly fostered the subsequent founding of a large number of local societies (1,200, ultimately by the mid-1980s).
In order to express charity and compassion I would have to travel far, since nobody near would have thanked me for it.
If I should cry, trying to express the inexpressible, that I had walked the wind with archangels, she would have been worried and annoyed; and if I had gone on to say that I had forfeited those heights and lived now in an unremitting  shadowless glare of exposure in a runnel of Hell, she would have feared for my mental health.
She had never expressed much interest in Marie Claire's child.
One of Syl's ways of expressing displeasure was by tightening the purse strings.
Should I express a taste for wine he would order half a bottle, or sometimes say outright that it was bad for me and I should drink lemonade.
It was, I thought, a measure of her self-control that she had waited until now to express her annoyance.
You hate being an underdog, you hate not being able to express yourself properly.
Everything expressing only him (it's not deliberate, he hates ‘interior decoration’ and gimmicks and Vogue ).
They're  teaching you to express personality at the Slade — personality in general.
But he realizes he's a mess, he tries to express what he feels, he's a human being for all his faults.
Much of the distinction between North and South since 1920 is best expressed in terms of the performance of individual sub-regions.
Voting in national elections is only the tip of the iceberg, however, in expressing the troubles of ‘northern council estate’ Britain.
Expressed as crude annual rates per thousand, they fell from 23 in 1861–65 to 12 in 1931–35, but have since shown no further improvement due to the ageing of the population, and still stood at 11.4 in 1988.
However, problems of measurement have led to underestimation of improvements in service-sector productivity expressed most recently in the drive towards self-service restaurants and petrol stations, and automated cash dispensers at banks.
When this adjustment is made, the UK's distinction disappears; it is merely an average EC country for its level of human activity in the economy, expressed in terms of‘full-time equivalents’ per head of population (for details by GB region, see Table 6.11 below).
The direct causes of these trends can be expressed in terms of the contribution made by births, deaths and international migration.
Since the 1920s concern has been expressed over the fact that it tends to be the younger and better qualified people who are  51 leaving the less dynamic North, thus undermining the ability of the latter to rejuvenate itself.
What remained for most villagers was: ‘The Hobnail Express’, as Sam Friend put it, ‘Shanks's pony: stay home or walk twelve miles to Ipswich and perhaps spend the night on Mother Greenfield's pillow on the way back.’
Not many years ago, economists expressed the view that inflation and high unemployment could not go together; we have seen that they were wrong.
The object of this book is to give one person's view on the possible causes of the present situation and to stimulate discussion, hoping that new and, if necessary, radical ideas are created in the spirit that it is better to express a constructive view rather than to passively accept a disagreeable situation with discontent.
In passages such as this it is not only the content which is important (the attack on organized vice and male expertise) but the language through which the ideas are expressed.
The doubts expressed by ministers and Home Office officials in the 1880s were symptomatic of much deeper structural problems.
Traditions of feminine religious experience, expressing a mystical, quasi-sexual communion with God, had always been a current within Catholicism and in many Protestant sects, and some women drew on its potential.
When an influential purity deputation petitioned the Home Office, Herbert Samuel, then Under-Secretary of State, expressed himself personally committed to legislation in the interests of national honour, but he refused to pledge the government to introduce proposals in the house, or even to support them publicly.
In April 1911 the NUWW had convened an emergency meeting in the face of continuing delays, ‘expressing the desire that the government will give immediate facilities for the passing of the Criminal Law Amendment Bill’.
Howard wants to make some huge impulsive gesture to express the naked love he feels.
Howard has the feeling that the floor is dropping away beneath his feet, as if he is in an express lift.
He adopts his familiar ape walk, with knees bent outwards and fingers trailing, to express his wry awareness of having boobed.
We all felt that you'd managed to express some of the muddled worries we'd had about things ourselves.’
‘Sir,’ they say, ‘thank God there is someone…restored my faith in human nature…performed a signal service…struck a blow for common sense and ordinary human decency…exposed the hypocrisy of those who for our sins are set in authority over us…expressed what the vast majority of people fed…spoken up for the minority whose views are never taken into account…’
It's not easy, as he explains to Felicity, to sign your support for the Black Death, when you have previously  expressed your opposition to nephritis, nephrosis, and heart disease.
There were many branches of the Northumbrian dynasty, however, and many noble families who claimed descent from Ida and thereby expressed aspirations to the kingship.
Theodore's reconciliation with Wilfrid took place in the context of Caedwalla's dramatic ascendancy in southern England and if it is true that he expressed the wish that Wilfrid succeed him at Canterbury (Vita Wilfridi , ch. 43) this may have been in recognition of Caedwalla's new regime with which Wilfrid was associated.
In a record of a grant of land in Thanet in January 690 to Aebbe (Eafe), daughter of Eormenred and now abbess of Minster-in-Thanet, Oswine refers to her as his kinswoman (CS 35: S 13), and in another charter granting land to Aebbe which had once belonged to Eormenred he expresses gratitude at his restoration to the kingdom of his fathers (CS 40: S 14).
680 by a suppliant, Ecgburh, expresses her grief at the loss some time before of her brother, Oshere, whom a bitter and cruel death had taken from her, and it may be that her brother was Oshere, king of the Hwicce.
Boniface expresses a body of tradition violently hostile to the king.
Gloomy prognostications of Aethelbald's life being in danger of passing away like a shadow and his soul into eternal perdition — although conventionally expressed — imply an unhappy conclusion to his life as a real possibility.
Wilfrid withdrew into Mercia and from there resumed his appeal in person at Rome where he appears now to have expressed a readiness to relinquish his bishopric provided he could retain Ripon and Hexham (Vita Wilfridi , ch. 51).
In a letter to Lul, archbishop of Mainz in 773, Alhred and Osgifu expressed the hope that Lul would help the Northumbrian envoys in Gaul to establish peace and friendship between the Northumbrian and Frankish courts.
Alcuin wrote to Aethelred, probably in 791, expressing affection for him and urging him to display kindness not cruelty and reason not anger in his deeds, and to speak truth not falsehood, but the sack of Lindisfarne by Vikings in June 793 (ASC D,s.a. 793) provided a shocked and outraged Alcuin with an opportunity to declaim against the evils of Northumbrian society, as he saw them, and the shortcomings of the king himself in a letter to Aethelred and his nobles.
Alcuin's opinion in 796, as expressed in a letter to Archbishop Aethelheard following the death of Offa, was that the unity of the Church in England had been destroyed not by reasonable consideration but by lust for power; and in 803, when Canterbury's rights were being restored at a council at Clofesho , Aethelheard pronounced that ‘tyrannical power’ had presumed to diminish Canterbury's honour, the pope having been deceived into granting a pallium to the bishop of Lichfield by deception and lies.
It is generally assumed first, that this ‘ceremonial recognition of his son as king in his own lifetime was something new’(although Aethelred of Mercia, for example, is said to have appointed Coenred as his heir (Vita Wilfridi , ch. 57), second, that it was the first royal anointing in England (though reservations have been expressed as to whether Ecgfrith was anointed or, if he was, whether he was the first), and, third, that Offa was basing his action on the recent papal consecration in 781 of the Frankish princes, Pippin and Louis, sons of Charlemagne (though Byzantine precedents are also possible).
It need not, however, have had the significance it acquired in tenth-century documents when it did come to express claims to a kingship of all Anglo-Saxons.
The Church has no alternative but to condemn him, excommunicate and reject him, as Pope Leo put it, ‘having regard to the safety of his soul’, the pope expressing the hope that in return Coenwulf would be more generous to the Church of St Peter than Offa had been.
Their search for the order of Nature still reflected a ‘modernized’ version of the traditional belief that Nature expresses harmonious relationships transcending the everyday problem of coping with the environment.
This resonated with his reading of Romantic poets such as Wordsworth, who also expressed a concern that science should not degenerate into a search for mere details.
In the 1850s Henry Thoreau expressed a new sense of delight in the experience of Nature in its original state.
The same moral revulsion was expressed by the novelist Samuel Butler (1835–1902), who wrote a series of books and articles attacking Darwin, beginning with his Evolution Old and New of 1879.
In terms of tangible costs as expressed by conventional accounting the savings may not be dramatic when compared with conventional operation.
Having regard to the doubts already expressed on the advisability of placing entire reliance on the automatic functioning of such systems, it is suggested that the facilities they provide for the application of water might be adapted to perform the additional role of fixed fire fighting equipment.
Each parameter is expressed as a range of results for each type of system, the bar across the range being the mean value.
He felt them shudder; they were in the tunnel and the thunder of the oncoming express train was rattling the rails.
It still sounded like an express train in the confines of the small garage.
They groaned, their love expressed in their sounds.
‘American Express.’
The simplest and most temperate words are the best to express complex and intemperate feelings.
Then probably you have not heard that he was sent for last night just before Compline, to go to Donata, at her express wish.
No one had any observation to make, until Robert  Bossu took it upon himself, very amiably, to give voice to a consent otherwise expressed in silence.
Though eager to express his sympathy, he had a sceptical air guaranteed to rile Ursula, in whom anger turned rapidly to hysteria.
‘To express his sympathy, I suppose, which I could have done without.
Although she had expressed doubts about Ursula's interpretation of the police's conduct, it had rung truer to her than she had cared to admit.
And Lulu Harrington rang to express her dismay at what had occurred, enabling Charlotte to confirm something Ursula had already deduced.
‘We agreed…for the present…in view of the doubts you'd expressed…’
‘The doubts I'd expressed?’
‘I can only express the hope that you've not endangered your niece's life by such behaviour.’
There were a dozen American Express receipts inside, each bearing the name of a hotel.
Practically, it means that students have to become used to expressing a point of view and exposing it to the critical evaluation of their peers, and in this way take on the ethical demands of rationality.
The demand is not always expressed in consistent terms.
But Miranda didn't like this cruelty she was expressing; where was it coming from?
She thought, listening to the famous film director, that she had not had an experience of oppression, of violence, at least she had not experienced her life in those terms): Your interpretation of women sees them as objects of desire, images in advertisements, pin-ups — how are you going to express the inner thoughts of Black Panthers?
A woman may feel that if she expressed herself honestly, she would not only lose her partner's affection but her self-respect by being selfish and unfeminine.
Such precise understanding of their needs, expressed by many women, may be related to earlier good experiences of being comforted by their own mothers.
If I'm angry with someone I love and trust, I can express my anger in tears with them; if I am angry with someone I do not love, then I withhold my tears — to be expressed later, in a safe situation, or not at all.
Most women find it very difficult to express anger openly and honestly, particularly to men.
Most either thought it didn't matter as long as they got relief for their tension and frustration and saw it as a way of keeping the peace, but some were trying through women's groups or assertion therapy to express themselves more honestly.
Depression, which is expressed in tears, can follow or else a sense of outrage at not being taken seriously, which can explode in the form of tears of rage.
When customers express feelings, certain behaviour like shouting or swearing is seen as ‘low-class’ and treated with contempt as ‘ignorant’.
Since officials and clerks are not allowed to express their real feelings at work, it is not surprising that they have difficulty tolerating the feelings of their customers.
But patients say that in the course of treatment, they are never permitted to express tearfulness or despair.
For some patients this seems superficially to be effective, but for men or women whose background or culture more readily allows them to express feeling, this is very difficult.
What the patients need is to have emotional fear and pain  acknowledged and expressed through words, tears or in whatever other way they find helpful.
Social workers and chaplains, with a hospital office, also offer opportunities for a few patients to weep and express distress in privacy, in a sympathetic atmosphere.
How does it make someone like a woman who has just had an abortion feel having to go to a lavatory to express her grief in tears?
Since anger is the only respected currency, it becomes extraordinarily difficult for genuine feelings of distress or even sorrow to be expressed by prisoners.
But the prisoner who feels integrity and a sense of loyalty to his own group, although he may sincerely repent his crime, might find it difficult to express this publicly.
What are seen by the public as the most depraved of men still have profound needs to express their sorrow even when, with the most damaged people, it seems to lie too deep for tears.
Yet I have seen innumerable jobs lost by ex-prisoners because one morning they came in late and when challenged couldn't give a simple explanation and express regret.
It is often partners who have been most able to express their feelings, who are more likely to find new partners after a bereavement by investing feeling in a new relationship.
Unless they are given opportunities to express their grief in appropriate ways which can include weeping for loss, they will never be able to acquire the creative energy necessary to find a new job.
In close communities like mines, the workers have been able to express both grief and anger openly.
The woman who died of cancer and left the poems expressing her soul's pain written over twenty years of marriage on the kitchen window sill, for her husband to find, was saying that no one in that house had respected her pain sufficiently to share it.
Lack of opportunities to express their feelings is a common factor  in the history of cancer patients and the illness may be a response to that.
If the sadness is there but not ever directly expressed by crying…the mucous membranes remain chronically inflamed, never really pouring out mucous and never really resting.
It has been accepted that suppressed anger is a powerful force in skin rashes, and again the link between expressing anger and expressing  grief comes into play.
Using a democratic structure of rotating the roles of therapist and patient, it encourages people to express previous hurts in ways they might have done as children if that had been allowed.
When the capacity to express powerful feeling is restored, changes occur not only in the person's perception of the world but  also in their physiology.
As well as conflict individually expressed, there is collective conflict involving the solidarity of the workforce.
the logic of the argument must be preserved — ie. the issues under discussion must be classified, the discussion must concentrate on available information, and the values of the individuals must be expressed openly and taken into account.
Such groups tend to wield greater  power in conflict situations than their members, and indeed the very existence of the groups may be seen to anticipate and perpetuate conflict, to harden and formalise a set of attitudes and values that their individual members may not themselves have recognised or expressed.
‘Working class’, ‘middle class’ and ‘upper class’are common terms, but they do not adequately express the complexities of social class in Britain.
confidence expressed in the culture, based on common sense, ability and cheek.
overt beliefs expressed by the organisation and its members, which can be used to condition (a) above.
studio artists look on their job as a means of expressing themselves artistically;
In spite of the uncertainty expressed in the HMI survey quoted above, the impression from the questionnaires was that substantially more activity took place on primary than secondary courses (though we should point out that HMI considered in their survey that secondary teachers had better ‘assimilated the importance of language in children's learning’ in their training than primary teachers — DES, 1987: 119).
It is not enough for this justification to be expressed in terms of a linguist's model of language or language use: it must be expressed with reference to the professional needs of teachers and the learning needs of children.
Our main argument in this paper is that linguists have not often recognised the need for this sort of justification; that their views about what is educationally relevant in the field of language study does not always coincide with the concerns expressed by educationalists; and that linguists and educationalists need to begin a common search for relevance in which the linguists' knowledge is related to a frame of reference based on the needs of learners and teachers.
There would clearly be great value in building further networks of local education authorities and teacher training institutions which have expressed an interest in particular languages, and which are prepared to exchange some of their insights and resources.
In addition the opposition to the belief that studies of Language, Linguistics-based, should be part of the pre-service of teachers, that opposition that was at the time principled, serious and rigorously expressed and is still unanswered.
This is the view cogently expressed by David Holbrook and it had many supporters among numbers in the National Association of Teachers of English.
In addition, it is intended to focus on the significance of his speech repertoire to the individual user, and of the significance to the particular community of the language that expresses and reflects its identity.
(N.B. not all companies participated in all aspects of the survey either by express wish for total confidentiality or by unavailability for interview).
In many cases values are expressed and embedded in the language.
The teaching staff at PCL are used to addressing practical language use and found themselves extending their area of lexis to exploring with their students the precise equivalencies in various languages to express ‘multiple occupied tenancies’, ‘child abuse’, ‘warrants not backed for bail’ and ‘don't go telling me porkies sunshine’.
The deceased was over ninety; so Lydia and Betty had not been called upon to express great regret or commiseration among the villagers.
She knew he wasn't good at expressing himself.
They all expected each member of the staff to express — discreetly — particular and intense interest in their child.
Of all those jugglers on the Leeds express?'
There was you and I there, and old Freddie Samuelson of the Express , and Walter Edgworth of the Mirror …’
This isn't the Express , after all.’
Most executants then wanted only to express themselves.
He expressed a hope that we might meet again during the remaining two days of his stay and have a longer conversation.
Just because non-human animal memories can be expressed only in behavioural terms, the possibility always arises that what we are measuring is an aspect of the behaviour rather than the memory.
While she gabbled on Spittals stopped rubbing his hands and, with his eyes on the demented fly, expressed disbelief by taking off his jacket and cradling his head in his hands.
Her father was only interested in his family and his business and although he took the Evening Express , only read local news.
The girls knew that the ‘few quid’ would be a generous sum, and even if she was unable to buy nice things, it would show Eileen that her father approved of the marriage, though he was unable to express his feelings in the letter sent with it.
Artai's name was the sole nomination, and instead of a proposing speech by one of the Khans there was a reading by a court secretary of the portion of Nogai's will in which he expressed the wish that Artai should succeed him.
‘And what of the next time Artai expresses desire for some lady of his court?’
The boy, aware of Mme Picard's frequently expressed view, deliberately exploits her presence and asks his mother's permission to read a particular and notorious novel.
And yet he said, when I expressed my feelings to him in public(I am not ashamed of love — why should I be?
When I expressed my distaste, Gustave interpreted it as mere jealousy.
Perhaps I commented on this once too often; perhaps I expressed my gratitude too sincerely.
Departments' spending plans, which were bargained over and eventually published in the annual public expenditure White Papers, were expressed in constant prices or ‘volume terms’.
To take a similar proportion of everyone's income away will not affect individuals' capacities to express their preferences between goods or services though it does bias their choices between goods and leisure.
They were: symbolism — expressing an ideological position regardless of the economic value of the charge itself; abuse — to reduce the cost of a service to the general taxpayer by raising the revenue from users; deterrence — to reduce the cost to the taxpayer by reducing demand for a service; priorities — to concentrate available funds on priority services and charge for less urgent facilities.
When a service is free it is difficult for consumers to express dissatisfaction.
They are not able, or are less able, to express their preferences through a market mechanism for at least three reasons (Titmuss, 1968, Chapters 10 and 12).
The phrase ‘under doctor's orders’ expresses a real situation that is different from a normal market.
People's attitudes to the Health Service expressed in opinion poll findings suggest it is extremely popular in comparison with the health care system of the 1930s.
It is a means by which a person can express concern and gain satisfaction, especially if the gift takes the form of personal involvement.
Though such fears may be associated, possibly wrongly, with Conservative values, a contrasting attitude is expressed by many on the left.
Nor, added the headmistress and governors roundly, before appending their names, had any teacher expressed dissatisfaction with the behaviour of the police, for no teacher had been interviewed by a reporter.
Scarlet had been willing to admit the truth of her words but had ceased too soon to concentrate, her mind already elsewhere as she wondered whether, if she could express herself differently and more coherently, her therapist might not have another, and a clearer, image of her.
If she had spoken truthfully and expressed her doubts about his faithfulness, he would have been flattered, gentle and full of mirth.
As she grew older her school friends — of whom there were a great many, since she was forced to change schools almost yearly as her parents flitted — sometimes expressed envy at her adventurous lifestyle.
Scarlet, who agreed with him, wished that he were better able to express himself.
When, wondered Scarlet, drearily, would she ever learn not to hope, not to believe her daughter when she expressed interest in some aspect of her school work?
The food's all poisoned, and the newspapers are poisoned, and television's poisoned, and Brian makes money telling people everything isn't — poisoned,’ she concluded, sober enough to realize that she might not be expressing her thoughts with the clarity their profundity deserved.
Growing up was much harder than was ever said, involving, as it must, both the practised, clinical coldness to which she aspired combined with a proper sense of pity when it was called for and could be expressed with dignity and without embarrassment to the parties concerned.
Of these, half had already been working alone the lines advocated, and although some of them enjoyed the reassurance of seeing classroom practice like their own being commended to others, several expressed the view that such an experience did not merit time away from their classes.
The dilemma can be expressed as follows: the more accessible teachers seek to make themselves to all their pupils as individuals, the less time they have for direct, extended and challenging interaction with any of them; but the more time they devote to such extended interaction with some children, the less demanding on them as teachers must be the activities they give to the rest; and the less demanding an activity is of their time and attention as teachers, the more the likelihood that the activity in question will demand little of the child.
Yet of course each of the schools in which the assistants work has pupils of many different ethnic origins, and in practice no single head has expressed any other intention than that assistants should work with families from all parts of the local community.
Among the many statements about the character of PNP which were issued, orally and in writing, by officers and advisers in the early days of the Programme, two points were particularly forcibly expressed.
However, we expressed certain reservations about the prevailing approach.
We expressed concern about the poor quality of head-staff relationships in some schools, admittedly not always the fault of the head but often a consequence of an indefensible degree of autocratic behaviour.
Accordingly, and referring to earlier anxieties about ‘closed-circuit’ professional development, we expressed certain reservations about the tendency of LEAs, with government encouragement, to put all their eggs in the basket of school-led INSET.
Mosca, like Pareto, is concerned to demolish democratic illusions about the altruism of the elite, but he recognises a positive dynamic relationship between rulers and ruled, and implies that the elite has an ideological function in that it expresses in a coherent rationalising way the moral unity of society through the rule of law.
be able to maintain itself in power by means of its organisational capacity, its ability to adapt to new forces and its dynamic positive relationship with the moral unity of society expressed through the rule of law.
From propositions expressing arguments of this nature it is a relatively short  step to the notion that a shared ideology, which is usually regarded as a product of social forces, is the inevitable result of common social origins, education and recruitment processes.
Marxist and elitists of course argue that expressed or perceived political preferences can he distinguished from ‘objective’ interests.
as in Tarrow and Suleiman. that in so far as group interests are expressed or mobilised through institutions that survive in the long term.
The level of expenditure and expenditure growth is usually expressed as a percentage of a measure of the total economic activity of a particular country, such as Gross National Product.
An alternative view was expressed that the NRC were under the direct influence of the Home Office, thus undermining any form of independence previously enjoyed by Chief Constables (Scraton, 1985a).
As the all-party condemnation of mass picketing in Britain in the 1980s  demonstrated, few politicians will express public support for militant trade-union tactics, and even those supporters of the labour movement may be reserved or critical in their attitudes.
This, and the growing trend in American society to express displeasure more vociferously and outspokenly than in the past, is said to lie at the root of recent player-directed violence (ibid.:204–5).
Here Smith (1976) includes ‘natural rivalries’ between spectators, based on nation, region, religion, ethnicity, etc.; the absence of channels for expressing grievances, as in industrially underdeveloped or politically undemocratic societies; the possibility of communication among the aggrieved (e.g. the ‘cheek-to-jowl congestion at soccer stadia’or the dissemination of rumour or hostile beliefs via the media); and the ‘accessibility of objects of attack’, such as referees or unsegregated soccer fans.
But in a society where the official rate of unemployment doubled between 1979 and 1981, from 5.3 per cent to 10.4 per cent and reached over 3.5 million or nearly 15 per cent during 1986, where the Government, in the name of the market, is committed to weakening the ability of workers to defend their jobs, where the Government, in its desire to break what it sees as the ‘dependency culture’, has systematically set about dismantling the welfare provisions which protected the poorest and weakest in society, where the Government, as part of its programme to establish a new thrusting entrepreneurial society, has encouraged a widening of differentials in income and wealth, we would expect the societal tensions produced to be expressed in, among other things, rising levels of crime.
Welfare fraud is an ideologically emotional topic, because it is usually expressed in terms of aggregated amounts (Uglow 1988b).
The effectiveness of such a legal system depends upon its ability to express the rights, powers and interests of subordinate classes.
An employment contract not only individualises what is essentially a class relation, but it individualises it in such a way that it expresses the dominance of the employers and their ideological grasp of the apparent relations between individuals.
This can be expressed through disputes between high-bourgeois individuals, themselves acceptable to the legal system as with the Guildford Four, who, partly as a result of international pressure, had highly placed clerics and members of the judiciary supporting their release.
Outrage has been expressed against crime, trade-union activities and public disorder, often linked with outrages concerning terrorism in popular rhetoric.
And they had expressed such interest in the Feargach Grian she was saying; as people of culture and learning, naturally they would be interested in it, she quite understood this.
He thought he made some kind of strangled gasp; he knew his eyes would have expressed his emotions.
Their fiction was considered significant because it succeeded in expressing this new experience.
Harmony reigns over disparity in this new world vision, and a multi-faceted language has been found in which to express it.
Hussein in The Languages of Love is a Muslim, yet it is he who reveals to Julia the beauty of genuine love expressed in honest language which leads her to convert to Catholicism.
It ‘is more dynamic, not in the sense that it expresses movement (which a noun can also express) but because it creates more activity between the words of the sentence in which it is used’(1955a:75).
Attending the convention are characters from hundreds of works of literary fiction from all ages and all parts of the world who convene with the express purpose of bolstering their existences and securing their continued survival.
The narrator of Flann O'Brien's At Swim-Two-Birds expresses the view that ‘Characters should be interchangeable as between one book and another….
In ‘The Dissolution of Character in the Novel’ she expresses her faith in the power of the computer as a concept to change literature in the same way that print did nearly five hundred years ago:
Thus, although trade with the Soviet Union would enable Latin Americans to benefit from lower prices and improved credit terms, to conserve scarce foreign exchange and, according to opinions recently expressed in Latin America, to receive better guarantees and local servicing, it is still generally the case that both public and private sector companies prefer to deal with the West.
Vallejo expressed his concept of revolution as follows: ‘Revolution does not mean the fall of the Tsar or the seizure of power by the workers.
Perón expressed the concept thus: ‘To the Peronist doctrine, all economic goods were created and are created and exist for man.
However, the majority of established Latin American Communist parties were unwilling to fall into line either with Castro's strategy or his leadership, an attitude most dramatically expressed by the 1966 refusal of Bolivian Communist leader Mario Monje Molina to support Che Guevara in his campaign.
This factor was exacerbated by Chinese criticism (at that stage, expressed privately) of the USSR's lack of revolutionary internationalism and its willingness to appease the imperialists.
Measured against ‘a stagnant US economy, a not altogether successful satellite programme, and perennial crises in NATO’(Zimmerman: 1969, p. 179), these developments created high expectations expressed at the November 1960 Conference of Eighty-One parties in the definitive formulation that’ the superiority of the forces of socialism over those of imperialism…is becoming ever more marked in the world arena' (Zimmerman: 1969, p. 181).
Peter Bourne recounts how Carlos Rafael Rodriguez, visiting Moscow in December 1962 to negotiate an economic agreement for the following year, had lengthy private meetings with Khrushchev and Mikoian, at which they expressed their surprise at Fidel's reaction and gave assurance that there had been no intention to offend him.
Daniel passed this on to Fidel Castro on 23 November and the Cuban leader, who was apparently convinced of Kennedy's sincerity, expressed eagerness to pursue the dialogue.
How did you tell a man who had just expressed his undying love for you and his need to remain in your arms for ever and ever that he was separated from you by a distance of fifty years, and that only by some perverse and cruel trick of time had you been allowed to meet at all?
Johnny's love, expressed with such unvarnished sincerity, made her sharply aware of his vulnerability.
Cassie had heard many shades of emotion expressed by Johnny's voice, indeed it was a powerful weapon and one he knew only too well how to use to good effect, but never had she heard him use the particular tone with which he now addressed his wife.
Whether it was to share his moment of regret at the passing of time, or to express disillusion with Parkin himself — she had made some comment in the car about how he was one of the few television reporters she knew and respected — Dexter did not know.
He seemed placated, even relieved, now that the police officers had expressed their belief in him.
Miss Fergusson expressed herself forcibly on the subject of popular superstition and the responsibility of the clergy.
Since the ladies had expressed such interest in the mountain of Massis, then perhaps…
Miss Logan looked at Amanda Fergusson cautiously, unsure how to express the view that to her humble and ignorant mind the punishment seemed excessive.
Miss Logan was angry and distressed at such Judas-like behaviour, and expressed herself forcibly on the subject to the Armenian priest, who nodded and offered to say prayers for Miss Fergusson.
Taking this down to Our Lady of Communications and expressing it.
P.S. Am expressing this.
P.S. I'm expressing this.
P.S. I'm expressing this.
Now, the elderly man who endured a waiter's dirty fingers in his lemonade at Montrose could hardly have been more famous or respected, and there he sits in a dirty inn, happy to enjoy a little quiet, and quite at ease to do so, even in the company of one of the most garrulous men in the realm whose nature abhorred a conversational vacuum; Johnson even expressed a simple delight in being thought as silent as a ghost.
Against the woman's express wishes, he lit a piece of paper and went into her bedroom anyway, and reported a ‘bedstead of wood with heath [heather]upon it by way of a bed; at the foot of which I saw some sort of blankets of covering rolled in a heap’.
He spoke accentless English with excellent grammar, proved civil and hospitable and well-read: in his stone-and-wattle premises he possessed a volume of The Spectator, a volume of Humphrey Prideaux's The Old and New Testament Connected in the History of the Jews, and, judging from Boswell, the man reflected annoyance when Johnson expressed surprise at finding books in his house.
His letter to Mrs Thrale contained more detail, expressed with greater pungency, and it confirms the ‘Dark Continent’ feel of his experience: ‘The Inhabitants, a very coarse tribe, ignorant of any language but earse [sic], gathered so fast about us, that if we had not had Highlanders with us, they might have caused more alarm than pleasure.’
If great writing may principally be a matter of fine and large spirit expressed in outstanding technique, to my eye, as I still acquaint myself with him, Johnson triumphs by combining a welcoming mind with an economy of expression, so that he shares the maximum of observed experience in the minimum of words.
‘A ludicrous, yet just image presented itself to my mind, which I expressed to the company.
Some concern has also been expressed by teachers, local authorities, the Labour Party and others that the national curriculum is being implemented with too much haste.
Teachers have expressed concern about the emphasis on testing which they claim will lead to greater stress among pupils and parents and will carry implications of failure.
The National Union of Teachers has also expressed fears that eventually the opted-out schools will become selective and fee paying.
Finally the Secretary of State bowed to the inevitable, and agreed to abolish the ILEA in 1990, although he personally had expressed doubts about the ability of some of the boroughs to provide an effective education service.
For many years university academic staff have enjoyed the unique position of having tenure for their working lives, the argument in support of this being that it protected academic staff from political pressure and avoided the possibility of someone being dismissed for expressing unpopular or unconventional views.
The Act converted the permissive policy,allowing local authorities to sell their houses, into a mandatory one which compelled local authorities to sell houses to tenants who expressed a wish to purchase the houses they were occupying.
Occupants of houses taken over by HATs will be secure tenants, but during the passage of the Bill fears were expressed about the possibility of much higher rents.
The government expressed the hope that most applications would stem from tenants, but the Housing Corporation has described the tenants' response as lack-lustre.
At least since the early 1970s successive governments have expressed concern about the decline of our inner cities, but no government has been prepared to devote the massive resources which are now required to overcome decades of neglect.
A report from the King's Fund Institute expresses concern that ‘there is clearly no articulated national policy on community care’, and the Audit Commission found the progress towards community care to be slow and uneven.
This approach is clearly expressed in the following passage:
The House of Commons Public Accounts Committee, the Trade and Industry Committee and the European Commission all expressed grave concern over the payment of ‘sweeteners’ to British Aerospace to make purchase of the Rover Company a more attractive proposition.
I translate things better, express forms with colour.
Whereas the shelter drawings had shown recumbent figures in still poses of monumental vulnerability, in the mines Moore faced new challenges: ‘There was first the difficulty of seeing forms emerging out of deep darkness, the problem of conveying the claustrophobic effects of countless pit-props…receding into blackness, and of expressing the gritty, grubby smears of black coal-dust on the miners’ bodies at the same time as the anatomy underneath’.
For example, Niagara Falls by road is only 1½ hours South-West of Toronto, whereas a trip up North to ride the Polar Express will almost certainly mean an overnight stay.
ICF President Sergio Orsi has expressed a wish that the World Marathon Championships should be held in South Africa in the not- too-distant future, South Africa having been provisionally readmitted to the ICF subject to ratification at the ICF congress next summer.
Surely these are two major facets of the Royal Canoe Club's 125 years of existence and they were very well expressed on this occasion.
To express the view of a professional institute is one thing, but how much more effective it is to respond with a collective European voice.
An important development that overcomes such problems is the PAS-score, which is the firm's Z-Score in a particular year, ranked against the population and expressed in percentile terms.
It is expressed in the table below as a percentage of the total holiday cost.
Encouraging women to first express and then try to ‘let go’ of their previously suppressed fears and anxieties — usually through visualisation techniques and helping them to attain very deep states of relaxation — can, she maintains, eventually eliminate phobias, depression, psycho-sexual and reproductive disorders, as well as more general tiredness and tension.
The Daily Express was by this time in pole position, but the Mail and Today were coming up fast on the inside.
We are in the First Class with Alan Frame of the Express , and all the monkeys are in the back.
A Valentino dress, a Chanel handbag, £5,000, a gold American Express card, and some of them for nothing!
The British section of the Orient Express, equally faithfully restored, runs a series of day trips to such places as Leeds and Hever Castles in Kent; Salisbury and Bath; and racing at Newmarket and Ascot.
One section of the questionnaire invited the audience to prioritise the areas of work in control and express degrees of importance.
In fact, such was the response to our initial soundings that we now wish to broaden the discussions to include a much larger audience and would therefore be keen to hear from anyone with a view to express or, an interest in this area.
And it is being expressed in the most unlikely places.
There is also no express recognition of the right to individual privacy in English common law.
Both the Labour Party and the Liberal Democrats have expressed a commitment to introducing legislation of this kind.
What is striking to me is the degree of bafflement expressed by many here (of any level of education and experience) over different Arab reactions to what, at the time of writing, is the invasion of occupation of Iraq by air and the bombing of a celebrated capital, Baghdad, as well as an important city, Basra.
Rather than accepting the idea of a new world order based on the community of nations as expressed through the United Nations, security is to be expressed through a series of Western- dominated collective security structures.
Although the Bush administration has already earned a reputation as the most hostile United States administration towards zionist aspirations (as expressed in the Likud government of Yitzak Shamir in Jerusalem), the latter assurances must worry Arab states involved in the West's new plans.
Passive popular support for Iraq has been expressed in Africa and throughout Latin America.
When I expressed surprise, she replied: ‘Well, what would we do with the money?
It was their deep love for the Llŷn landscape, and a desire to keep it protected for future generations, which prompted the three Keating sisters, Honora, Lorna and Eileen, and their eighty-year-old mother to buy Plas-yn-Rhiw and its fifty-eight acres in 1939; later they purchased over 300 acres more with the express purpose of giving the land to the trust.
Among those who expressed concern were the landowners across whose land a waterway would be cut ruining the view from their homes and changing their way of life.
NON-STOP MOTORWAY EXPRESS COACH SERVICES
In theory, it will be an independent body able to express its views publicly on issues concerned with any aspect of Scotland's natural heritage.
To express constructive criticism and voice well researched concerns is of course healthy and legitimate.
Contact any local National Express Office.
I tried a machine to express milk in the hospital but by the time the milk did start to come through she was really used to the bottle.
Her imagination is stimulated and she's expressing herself vocally.’
Certainly, the children I see who have been rigidly controlled and not allowed to express bad feelings are often ill-tempered and uncooperative.
In addition, children who store up all their bad feelings, rather than expressing them, often develop symptoms such as recurrent stomach pains or headaches.
If that didn't work, it was more logical to let her express her anger in the safety of her mother's arms than to give her an irrelevant bottle, dummy or biscuit.
Top: Allow your toddler to express bad feelings, however embarrassing.
Yet, however successful in other spheres of my life, when facing my mother I found myself hiding my hurt just when I most needed to express it.
Without wishing to sound morbid, I have noticed that older women in partnerships express less fear of death, and I know many who discuss their ultimate demise openly.
You may have a perfectionist on your hands ‘The problem can arise when a child who is quite bright is aware that she cannot express herself equally well on paper,’ explains educational psychologist Dr Judith Haynes of Child Consultants.
The views expressed by the contributors are not necessarily those of the publisher and accordingly we do not accept any responsibility in relation thereto.
The Banbridge Metal Detecting Club, Northern Ireland, wishes to express their gratitude to the following people, who responded so positively to the Lyndsay Fairley Cerebral Palsy Fund and the Romanian Orphans Appeal Fund.
Many people dislike its close connection to industrialisation, and would concur with George Gissing's abhorrence of machinery, expressed in 1895 in his novel,Eve's Ransom .
This revulsion at industrialisation, with Birmingham as its easily-targeted object, was expressed no more vividly than by J. B. Priestley in 1933 when he wrote English Journey .
As one of Briggs' former colleagues, Dr Peter Friedland, now head of RIACS, politely expressed it: ‘People thought it was not a substantial contribution’.
As Einstein expressed it: ‘The world that we have made at the level of thinking we have done so far, creates problems we cannot solve at the same level of thinking’.
You can express your concerns before heading off to the pop concert.
San Diego Zoo expressed interest in buying two pairs of hoolock gibbons from him — but has since reassured IPPL that the sale will go ahead only if the animals are genuinely captive-bred.
An air-conditioned 45mph express boat zapped us upriver to Marudi.
On the one hand, the new art history's commitment to the conditions in which art is produced has influenced a strong interest in women artists' different social and economic position; and on the other, the history of psychology, represented above all by Michael Foucault's studies of sexuality, has fostered a keen awareness, among practitioners as well as critics, that cultural symbolism informs the language of social exchange beyond material, that it expresses sand creates shared ideas about femaleness, about sexual difference; furthermore, these ideas are constantly in flux.
(Some male artists continue to think with images of women — Anselm Kiefer's most recent installation, in London, called ‘Women of the Revolution’, expressed his own painful reckonings of loss, and his nostalgic longing for rebirth, through the names of historical female figures, from Marie-Antoinette to Théroigne de Méricourt; he symbolised them as beds, shrouded in lead sheets, and puddled with pools — reflections of the artist's desires in the traditional manner and wholly insensitive appropriations of lives that have barely been rescued as stories.
The works in a collection like New Hall's while they engage with some of these issues about women's lack and absence from history, at the same time abrogate the very claim that women have not and cannot command a semantic field which expresses their own meanings and tells their own stories.
She often expressed concern that her work was shown in galleries, and worried that outside the context of its production it would lose meaning and educational strength, becoming art object, consumed and fetishised.
After her decision to stop working with a model, she wrote: ‘Through the long time of working on studies, I finally have attained a certain background in technique which allows me to express what I want without a model.’
Jessica had refrained from expressing any further disquiet over them — at lest to me.
Some of the well known yachts which have emerged from West in recent years include the quarter-tonner Diamond , the Laurent Giles/Warwick Collins-designed Phantom , the Dubois one tonner Midnight Express , and Rapscallion of Russel a cruising version of Phantom .
Only nine per cent of respondents expressed any dissatisfaction.
The Daily Express' circulation has also fallen to 1,518,764 from 1,585,495 in the previous year.
Byron Rogers, writing eloquently in the Sunday Express Magazine , was most concerned about the confusion of possessions Hannah had crammed into her new home: ‘I offered advice.
Indeed, I recall one occasion when I heard him and Tony Benn separately on the radio and they were expressing essentially the same opinions about the same issues.
In words like these Paul, John and the writer of the Epistle to the Hebrews struggle to express the unheard-of claim, that they themselves would have deemed blasphemous but for the irrefragable evidence of the life, death and resurrection of Jesus, that God had indeed visited and redeemed his people.
In Jesus all of God that could take on human expression had been expressed.
Some years ago Bishop Joe Fison expressed it well in his book about the Spirit,Fire upon the Earth (p. 9):
He was born by the express agency of the Holy Spirit: we are not.
Matthew's way of expressing the same point is this.
It is expressed in a number of ways: ‘the Word of God’, ‘the Word of salvation’, ‘the Word of the gospel’ or quite simply ‘the Word’.
The law remained an external authority expressing God's requirements, but providing no power to keep them.
One of the notable ways in which the Spirit expressed himself in the Christian community was through creating unity.
In Trieste we changed trains and took the express to Venice.
It was the conjugation of verbs that he found most difficult; he expressed everything in infinitives.
The full tracklisting is: ‘Holiday’, ‘Lucky Star’, ‘Borderline’, ‘Like A virgin’, ‘Material Girl’, Crazy For You’, ‘Into The Groove’, ‘Live To Tell’, ‘Rescue Me’, ‘Papa Don't Preach’, ‘Open Your Heart’, ‘La Isla Bonita’, ‘Like A Prayer’, ‘Express Yourself’, ‘Cherish’, ‘Vogue’ and ‘Justify My Love’(co-written by and featuring Lenny Kravitz).
Too clever by half, they could encapsulate in a song-title what most bands could never express in a career —‘We Live As We Dream, Alone’, ‘Capital (It Fails Us Now)’ and ‘To Hell With Poverty’with its neat rejoinder ‘…let's get drunk on cheap wine’.
Another is expressing controversial opinions, so we obligingly lined up a few that focus on guitars and amps….
any concern expressed by colleagues, clients or other people on the individual's drinking habits or general behaviour.
In each case these children do not have any clear picture of reality and they are not able to express or receive full gratification for their own needs.
They have difficulty in feeling or expressing their own emotions and in making successful relationships.
learning to express feelings rather than suppress them through addictive processes.
One therefore needs to be sure of one's ground, exactly as for intervention in the primary disease, with documented evidence supported by others and expressed with humility and with care and understanding for the dignity of the sufferer.
To be fully professional, one needs to express feelings and give responses to the feelings of the sufferer but nonetheless be aware that within that professional relationship it is not relevant that one should be personally liked or even appreciated.
"Feelings Groups" in which a regular group of people in early recovery meet in a group, supervised by a professional counsellor, to discover and express their feelings in a safe environment and thereby gain awareness and practice for the awareness and expression of those feelings in the "real" world.
The voice expressed neither relief nor gratitude.
"When you can measure what you are speaking of, and express it in numbers, you know that on which you are discoursing.
But when you cannot measure it and express it in numbers, your knowledge is of a very meagre and unsatisfying kind."
Maternal needs and instincts are amongst the most potent human motivations, and the product is strongly associated with the context in which these needs are expressed and satisfied.
MEASURABILITY — can the main features of each segment be measured and expressed in useful terms?
Anyway, they unloaded the sculpture with reverence, popped it into a transparent showcase filled with the right gases, made a number of loud noises expressing awe and admiration, and wheeled it away without having noticed a thing.
So she had to express them, and relieve her tensions, with those stormy little displays of temper.
Mr. Walker: I shall convey the views expressed to the chairman of British Coal and I shall also examine, within the Welsh Office, the suggestion about smaller units employing fewer than 75 people and what economic impact that would have.
Mr. Walker: I can understand the Hon. Gentleman expressing his concern about the opting out of hospitals in rural Wales, having looked at some of the press comments on the proposals.
Mr. Walker: I share my Hon. Friend 's concern and that is why in the Welsh section of the White Paper I strongly expressed the importance of health promotion and the preventive side of health in Wales, which have an enormous contribution to make.
Mr. Winnick: When the right Hon. Gentleman attends the Synod, or well before then, will he take the opportunity to congratulate the Archbishop of Canterbury on his excellent statement today, which, while expressing.
At that time the Hon. Gentleman expressed the hope that between then and Report his Hon. Friend the Minister would look into the matter, talk to his right Hon. and learned Friend the Secretary of State and decide that it was more logical to have one body looking after all transport issues in Scotland.
We have only to look at what has happened in England and Wales to see why the fears that Opposition Members are expressing are so strongly founded.
The purpose of such a council, as provided for by s.51(2) of that Act is to co-ordinate and express, to local and public authorities for the area which it represents, the views of the community.
Thereafter the trustee applied for the certificate, but the Opinion was expressed that the justices could not grant a renewal or transfer of a certificate to a person who, not being in possession, could not carry on the business: Budge v. Goudie (1895) 2 S.L.T. 406.
A similar opinion was expressed obiter in Rattray v. White (1891) 19 R. (t.) 23.
An opinion was expressed that such a purchaser under a suspensory condition (that the money be only handed over on the certificate being got by the purchaser) is not necessarily committing a violation of the Act, "assuming that he shows proper diligence in endeavouring to obtain the certificate, and is acting throughout in bona fide" : per Lord Trayner, ibid.
With the very poor Artificial Horizon presentation in average aircraft, the pitch attitude will be expressed in terms of the Horizon Bar thickness, or width as it is sometimes called, each attitude being the relationship of the top of the aircraft symbols wings on top of the Horizon Bar.
Returning to pitch attitudes, these will normally be expressed in terms of wing bar thicknesses above or below the datums.
Crudely expressed, corruption was of the political essence and was the practical counterpoint to the constitutional theory of balance.
Simply expressed, the 1832 act opened up a new political space.
Simply expressed, the conventions of the constitution, in ensuring the supremacy of the House of Commons, have"one ultimate objective.
Dicey felt able to boil the British constitution down to "one essential principle" : "obedience by all persons to the deliberately expressed will of the House of Commons in the first  instance and ultimately to the will of the nation as expressed through Parliament."
Simply expressed, it is next to impossible to generalise about the reality of prime ministerial government.
Simply expressed, good intentions and intra-party democracy can only carry socialism so far.
If we look back to the middle years of the nineteenth century and to the debates about the extension of the franchise to the working class then hopes were expressed as to how voters should behave at the same time as there was anxiety and fear as to how they would actually behave.
Simply expressed, in a situation in which voters detach themselves from a close identification with parties then issues come to assume a greater significance in voting behaviour and electoral choice.
Not too surprisingly, this kind of perspective on Britain's economic and political troubles has been best expressed by third parties outside of the established adversarial two-party system.
Simply expressed, the fact that party politicians are operating within an "unfair" electoral system in which the name of the game is to secure votes in order to win governmental power means that elections are turned into policy auctions in which the parties, through their manifestos, bid for popular support and the highest (and most irresponsible) bidder wins all.
Simply expressed, it is claimed that state intervention in the management of the economy, and a commitment to maintaining full employment, has actually caused a high level of inflation.
First, we should remember that the British economy has been in relative decline compared to the rest of the world for a hundred or more years — long before there was ever any concern expressed about adversary politics.
Baldly expressed, those who subscribe to that theory see it as important to explain the process of public policy-making since that is regarded as the essential stuff of British politics itself; they see interest groups as of central and determining influence in that process; and they see the group process as enhancing of democracy in Britain.
Simply expressed, and taking these two points together, pluralists are charged with asking the wrong question (who participates instead of who benefits) about just the public aspect of policy-making so that they ignore the "private" aspect of power and policy-making altogether.
Simply expressed, there is no point in talking politics to the powerful if you are powerless and cannot force them to listen and act on what you have to say.
Simply expressed, there is the suggestion within the literature on corporatism that it is possible to link the growth of corporate, closed, forms of interest representation to developments with respect to the interventionist state in the context of needs of the capitalist economy at a particular, advanced (or late), stage of development.
Simply expressed, the set-up as it was, as it was said to be, and as it was said it should be, had all pulled apart in a way that called for change.
Expressed in these general terms it is easy to see how such a code of rights could be regarded as a "good thing" .
Simply expressed, they see a need to mount a successful two-pronged attack on the established doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty.
Simply expressed, from both a defensive and offensive point of view there are good reasons why Labour needs to think hard about electoral reform.
Simply expressed, a relatively poorly supported centre party with well under 20 per cent of the vote, but with some eighty or so seats, would invariably be in government; would be in a position to determine whether Conservative or Labour were drawn into government with it; and would, therefore, be able to exert an influence over the direction of public policy out of all proportion to their votes and support in the country at large.
Simply expressed, the accountability, or responsibility, of single-party government to the people a responsibility that has been of the very essence of our system of parliamentary democracy-would be rendered less likely with proportional representation.
Simply expressed, more cautious judgements are made as to the democracy on offer within the system.
2 Republicanism is not strongly expressed within the Labour Party.
Although the Labour Party as a whole has not taken a stand on the political position of the monarchy, Tony Benn has expressed the view that these two powers of the Crown should be transferred to the Speaker of the House of Commons because he stands apart from the political parties and is directly answerable to the Commons for the conduct of the chair in a way that does not apply to the position of the Crown.
Simply expressed, parliamentary democracy and the representation of individual electors by unfettered parliamentary leaders is challenged in favour of party democracy and the representation of collective (class) interests where the majority wishes of the party activists outside Parliament in the constituencies are interposed between the parliamentary leaders and the electorate to limit the former and to provide the party programme for choice by the latter.
Buckingham Palace, 12th December 1987 My dear Miss Jones, We are writing to you to express our sincere gratitude for the way in which you recently risked your life by diving in front of the runaway horse of one of our Lifeguards to save one of our Royal corgis.
1 Do you think your group produced the best answer to the problem? 2 Did you get a fair chance to express your opinion?
(Or did you feel that you wanted to say more?) 3 Did everyone else get a fair chance to express their opinion?
Suddenly the people, his people, were expressing only loathing for all that he had achieved in his thirty-seven years on the throne.
Seven years later, many of the men and women who emerged in 1978 to express such vocal opposition to the Shah cited Persepolis as one intolerable example of Pahlavi excess.
Publicity in the local press was discouraged by the regime; officials insisted that this was "a strictly private visit" to take place "in absolute discretion" , and that the Shah himself had "expressed no desire to see the press" .
From Hassan there was to be none of the commitment already expressed — and to be expressed ever more passionately as the Shahs's journey continued — by Anwar Sadat.
Thus, as ambassadors who had till recently expressed total loyalty to him "rallied" across the world to Khomeini, he expressed bewilderment.
The Shah had visited Washington in November 1977, towards the end of Carters election, and the new administration had impressed upon him that although the United States still regarded him as an important ally, the days of unrestricted arms sales, while arrest and torture by SAVAK were ignored by the US, were over, In fact, the Shah had already moderated SAVAK, released some political prisoners and allowed a little more criticism of his government to be expressed, even before Carter's inauguration.
The head of the French secret service, the Comte de Marenches, who had visited the Shah just before he left Teheran, flew from Paris to express his won concerns to both kings.
One or two of the surrounding faces expressed alarm but loud laughter was the general response.
If the official receiver has a number of general proxies given to him, it is usual for him to vote with these proxies in accordance with the wishes of the majority as expressed at the meeting itself or by virtue of special proxies lodged.
These fees apply unless there is express provision for some other fee to apply.
The sort of inner self if you like erm although that's expressed in, in behaviour quite often.
Erm  and it's sort of erm features that are expressed er like  intelligent and then  intelligent er  it reveals to what extent subjects perceive speakers in a particular language as having desirable or undesirable traits  with which they may or may not wish to identify.
The joy of the Christian is that when we express our sorrow and our anxiety we shall receive God's peace and we shall receive God's joy.
When we turn to God in prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, God will fill us with the peace which passes all understanding, nothing in all creation can separate us from the love of God which is expressed in Jesus Christ his son, our Lord.
when I read that, you know, this is perhaps a wrong s feeling of to express but yo The lord the God created the world but he's not meaning it in that respect is he?
Now he's on the editorial and Billy, my eldest brother he er was he came up  in Glasgow er  getting the Scottish Express.
But one was on the Daily Mail and the other was on the er Express.
And that was er an express train was two hours journey.
In those days he came in with a His coachman brought him in the trap and they got the twenty minutes past seven express train to Glasgow.
Lofting had expressed in articles in the Nation in 1923 and 1924 his strong feelings about the glorification of war and violence ‘which seems as yet to be part of every child's metamorphosis’, and horror of war is the theme of the poem,Victory for the Slain (1942), his only published work for adult readers.
He began work in the Daily Express library at ten shillings a week where, by his own testimony, he spent many miserable years filing cuttings in the wrong envelopes and losing reference books.
There followed more years of miscasting as a reporter, until the editor of the Sunday Express , John Rutherford Gordon [q.v.], decided he needed a humorous column.
She travelled widely, and in Frequented Ways (1922) expressed the hope that ‘something of the intense joy of travel shines through the pages’.
On becoming locomotive superintendent of the London and South Western Railway in 1878 Adams rapidly introduced urgently needed, more powerful, and reliable locomotives for passenger, suburban, and freight traffic, which were robust in construction and elegant in outline, especially the outside-cylindered 4–4–0 express type.
This rationalist approach is overtly expressed in Fowler's statement that ‘The proper excellence of architecture is that which results from its suitableness to the occasion…and this principle rightly pursued leads to originality without the affection of novelty; but…the present enlightened epoch in architecture is woefully distinguished as having no character of its own nor any pretensions beyond that of adopting the various styles that have prevailed in all ages and nations without regard to the difference of circumstances upon which they were founded’; while the critic J. C. Loudon [q.v.]described him as ‘one of the few modern architects who belong to the School of Reason and who design buildings on fundamental principles instead of antiquated rules and precedents’.
His philosophy of design is expressed in Houses and Gardens (1906 and 1933).
In 1859 he built the first of his 2–2–2 type express locomotives, two of which took part in the railway ‘race’ between east- and west-coast companies from London to Edinburgh in 1888, and in 1863 he developed the 2–4–0 type for use over more heavily graded routes.
Even if he was less transgressive than the more notorious Ranters Coppe and Laurence Clarkson [q.v.], he was associated with them and expressed a form of their Antinomianism at the height of Ranter activity.
The decision to support Iraq's candidature for the League of Nations in 1932 had been taken before Humphrys's arrival, but some misgivings were expressed about the lack of any guarantees for the Assyrian and Kurdish minorities after the transition to independence.
The fears expressed early in Gow's career regarding the possible effects of his teaching did not prove entirely vain; his dryness and severity antagonized a number of his pupils, and the austerity of the regime at Trinity encouraged alarming departures from that quality by lesser scholars in certain other places.
After some initial problems had been overcome the Garratts were outstandingly successful, running on all gauges from 2 feet to 5 feet 6 inches on gradients up to 1 in 20 or more, usually at modest speeds on heavily curved and graded routes, but capable of 75–80 m.p.h. on the Algerian expresses which were headed by probably the fastest articulated locomotives (4–6–2+2–6–4) ever built.
Within a providential framework, her writings reveal staunch Royalist views and a distinctly Anglican Restoration piety expressed through the set forms of the Common Prayer Book and the regular orderly celebration of the sacraments.
He then introduced a new type of 4–4–0 express locomotive, with a leading bogie which gave much smoother and safer negotiation of curved track at speed, and these ran for fifty years from their entry into service in 1876.
This was printed privately in a limited edition of 250 copies, and in its preface the author expressed his gratitude to his father and to his eldest brother, Charles William Boase [q.v.], ‘for their great kindness in conjointly defraying the cost of printing this work which I claim to be an important contribution to the English biography of the nineteenth century’.
At this point he announced his disillusionment with Marxism, and began to express right-wing views.
By 1926 new and much more powerful express passenger and freight locomotive designs had been prepared to his directions and, whilst these were nullified by opposition within a divided management structure, in 1927 the Royal Scot express locomotives were introduced for principal main-line services.
His locomotive designs included the first British heavy freight 2–8–0 types in 1903, the Pacific 4–6–2 express type in 1908, and the first general purpose 2–6–0 type in 1911.
He was reinstated as licenser on 30 September 1647 at the express request of the commander-in-chief of the parliamentary army, Sir Thomas Fairfax (later second Baron Fairfax of Cameron, q.v.).
He was knighted on 12 April 1769, allegedly for expressing the loyalty of Surrey to King George III during the agitation by John Wilkes [q.v.], and appointed sheriff of Surrey, 1770–1.
In his childhood he was introduced to Daniel O'Connell [q.v.]; in 1921 Eamon de Valera [q.v.]expressed gratitude for his ‘ripe counsel…in any hour of need’.
In his retirement he travelled all over the world, visiting San Francisco, Egypt, Japan, Cochin, and the Hanoi exhibition, witnessing the crash of the Orient Express at Tirnova in Bulgaria in 1894.
He is first recorded in Leicester in 1382, but was apparently not a native of the town; he was called a priest, but doubts about his ordination were later expressed.
A courageous and independent woman who expressed strong indignation at injustice, her passion for the causes she was committed to was tempered by a sense of mischief and an ability to take herself not too seriously.
The governor expressed his disillusionment in letters to Penn and others: ‘the hosts of mosquitoes are worse than armed men, yet the men without arms [are]worse than they’; and attacked what he saw as Quaker hypocrisy: ‘each praying with his neighbour on First Days, and then preying on him the other six’.
Here in 1847 he designed the famous ‘Jenny Lind’ 2–2–2 type express locomotive for the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway.
He also expressed his thoughts and ideas about the Labour church movement in a series of tracts.
[Arthur Lewis,George Maxwell Gordon, the Pilgrim Missionary of the Punjab , 1889; C. O. Skelton and J. M. Bulloch,Gordons Under Arms , 1912;Huntly Express , 31 August and 7 September 1906;Banffshire Herald , 9 April 1910; J. Wolffe,The Protestant Crusade in Great Britain, 1829–1860 , 1991; Chalmers papers, New College, Edinburgh; information from Dr I. S. Rennie.]
His humour was sometimes expressed in schoolboyish practical jokes, but he possessed also a quicksilver wit, as illustrated by his remark to Lady (Margaret) Keynes (née Darwin), who told him she had been bitten by an ape at Gibraltar: ‘He was having revenge on the Darwins.’
These, and a series of 2–2–2 type machines with inside cylinders, continued to be built until 1895 and hauled the principal express trains.
However, the steadily increasing weight of express trains in the 1890s made it obvious that more powerful locomotives would be required.
The mystery and wonder it expressed characterized all his later creations.
His literary theories were trenchantly expressed in Hieroglyphics (1902), and his supernatural tales collected in The House of Souls (1906).
A romantic philhellene to the end, in a letter written on his deathbed Burrows expressed his ‘boundless faith’ in Venizelos (‘my Pericles’) and his love for Hellas.
He continued to express firm opinions in letters to newspapers, but seems to have lost faith in parliamentary institutions, even toying with Fascism and social credit.
Salt himself expressed his love of natural beauty in books such as On Cambrian and Cumbrian Hills, Pilgrimages to Snowdon and Scawfell (1908) and Our Vanishing Wild Flowers (1928).
But when he arrived there the British embassy expressed fears that his scarred features would only reinforce anti-involvement sentiments among American parents.
John Smeaton [q.v.]expressed the greatest admiration for Rudyerd's work, which greatly benefited him when he built the third Eddystone light.
It is impossible for words to express my fixed determination of alleviating this evil — even to the small extent of one neighbourhood only — were it only possible.’
In these works Traherne expresses his vision of the felicity for which mankind was created.
In 1874 she helped found the Women's Printing Society; in 1877 the West London Express ; and in 1881 the International Musical, Dramatic, and Literary Association.
A set of circular reliefs showing biblical subjects expressing the doctrine of the seven gifts of the Holy Spirit is included on the massive monument to Sir Thomas Gorges (died 1610, Salisbury Cathedral, Wiltshire).
Later he expressed private misgivings about the Italian regime, though he continued his diplomatic missions, the last being a visit to Brazil in 1935 to defend Italy's invasion of Abyssinia.
Doubts were expressed as to whether she had actually written the verses herself.
She wrote no books, but her strong views on education were expressed in her evidence in 1894 to the Bryce commission on secondary education; in her speeches at educational conferences; and in her pamphlets, especially ‘The Education of the Majority’(a plea for middle schools for boys and girls between the ages of twelve and sixteen), ‘The Training of Teachers’, and ‘A National Education and its Application to Wales’.
These he expressed in the Working Men's Club and Institute Union, founded chiefly on his initiative on 14 June 1862 in London, becoming its first paid secretary in 1863.
Tactfully, he designed a 4–6–0 express passenger locomotive that owed more than a little to Jones's influence, and it was very successful on the demanding gradients of the Perth–Inverness line.
Unfortunately, these concerns led to a campaign of vilification in the press and Crowley was called the ‘wickedest man in the world’(1923) on account of his endeavour to express his ideas at Cefalu, Sicily (1920–3).
In 1919 he was offered a job by R. D. Blumenfeld [q.v.], editor of the Daily Express .
Her deep and tender sympathy for all who were suffering and afflicted expressed itself in a manner of impressive graciousness and dignity.’
The acidity of precipitation is determined by the concentration of hydrogen ions (H + ) present and it is commonly expressed in terms of pH values, where pH is defined as the negative logarithm of the hydrogen ion concentration.
The objections to assessing whether the hearing would have made a difference are not confined to those expressed by Megarry J. A superior court in the context of review is not in a good position to calculate whether a hearing would have made a difference, and to do so could well leave the individual with the feeling that he has not been afforded any opportunity of controverting the public body's view.
This expresses nothing more than the notion that the decision should proceed from the proofs and arguments advanced by the parties.
The problem that concerns us now can be expressed as follows.
All such grants of authority may be expressed in the following manner: if X exists the tribunal may or shall do Y. X may consist of a number of different elements, factual, legal and discretionary.
The existence of a furnished tenancy may be expressed as follows.
It was argued then that the term furnished tenancy could be expressed as, f (a, b, c, d…n) = furnished tenancy.
If the tribunal had, for example, decided that it should be comprised of, inter alia , the need for certain fixtures and fittings, and then later ignored this but still invoked the phrase furnished tenancy, all the objections expressed to the separation of the sum from the parts would still apply.
Rather, they express the result arrived at by one of the approaches considered above.
All of the theories have a view upon this although it is often not openly expressed.
appealed and this appeal was allowed despite the express words of section 441(3) which provided that the decision of the judge in chambers should not be appealable.
Lord Morton went on to construe the statutory terms extremely narrowly as permitting challenge only if express statutory requirements were violated.
If, for example, the alleged error relates to the construction of a term with which the courts are familiar then this will tend towards substitution of judgment, whereas more specific or technical matters will normally lead to a greater degree of discretion being granted to the agency, the legal conclusion being expressed in the form of the rational basis test.
The courts can express the same feeling by the creative choice as to whether a defect should be stamped jurisdictional or non-jurisdictional.
The crux of the matter is that while one can accept the proposition that judicial labels often express a conclusion already reached, rather than dictate the result which should be arrived at, to infer that therefore the type of labels that we use are irrelevant is a non sequitur.
The premise underlying them expresses an unwillingness to be drawn into any alleged dichotomy between jurisdictional and non jurisdictional fact.
The concepts of relevancy, purpose and reasonableness provide the main mechanisms through which this type of control is expressed.
Hence the controls over the substantive ends which can be pursued by an administrative authority are expressed in terms of relevancy, purpose or unreasonableness in its substantive sense.
In reaching this conclusion the court argued that freedom of contract was a fundamental right, and that if parliament intended to empower a third party to make conditions which affected the provisions of a contract between others then this should be expressed in clear terms.
There is however no doubt that the denomination of a purpose as proper or improper in such circumstances raises issues of political and social choice which do not cease to be so by being expressed in the language of vires.
More recent authority has however expressed the view that planning law is of a ‘public character,’ and that the courts should not introduce private law principles unless these are expressly authorised by parliament or are necessary to give effect to the legislative purpose.
In a number of cases the jurisdictional facts will be expressed in terms of a subjective open textured discretion: the if X element will be ‘if the Minister thinks fit, necessary, etc., he may do….’
(1) An express requirement of reasonableness
Despite the seemingly uncontroversial nature of the above, statutes expressed in such terms have occasionally been the subject of a cause célèbre.
(2) No express requirement as to reasonableness
This is unexceptionable in itself, but it does not sit easily with the views expressed by the House of Lords in the Tameside case.
On the other hand, administrative law in the United States has generally evinced a greater concern for allowing interested parties to express their views, than has United Kingdom doctrine.
Just as the word ‘scientist’ was being coined in the 1830s to express a new feeling of community, specialized societies and journals were coming into being for astronomers, entomologists, chemists and other groups.
The hope expressed by Harrowby twenty years earlier, that the spirit of science might be imported into politics, is to some extent realized in Frankland's Discourse.
Harrowby had expressed faith in scientific education and in the scientific spirit generally, and these things were prominent in the Discourses at the Royal Institution in the 1870s.
The hope for a language which would express the essence of things rather than being conventional noises perpetuating old-wives' tales is an old one, going back beyond Lavoisier to the seventeenth century.
Alchemists had expressed chemical reactions and recipes in symbolic form, employing for example a sign used by astrologers for the gloomy planet Saturn to express its associated metal, lead.
He also invented the symbolism we still use for expressing the atoms: H for hydrogen, O for oxygen, Fe for iron, and so on, based upon the initial letter or letters of their Latin name.
He helped to keep atomism from being prominent in French syllabuses; but in Britain, atomic theory and the models with balls and wires which expressed it (then called ‘glyptic formulae’) became an important part of elementary science, whatever the doubts of the eminent.
By arguing that the dimensions (mass, length and time) in which the various forms of energy can be expressed must be the same, he opened up a whole new research programme.
In the laboratory he did undoubtedly think with his hands thoughts which he could not clearly express in words, or in the more accurate language of mathematics (which he distrusted); but he did try in his lectures to put across some of his underlying convictions.
Heritability is a number between 0 and 1, which expresses the extent to which the variation of the trait is due to variation in genotypes and in environments.
Because these seven lacked the gene for uncapping, the gene for removing would not be expressed.
The principles apply equally to inconstant traits, but are more clumsy to express.
All animals must compete for limited resources, but the competition may not be expressed in unrestrained battle to the death.
When both the Observer and the Daily Express wrote flattering editorials on the new shop, sales soared to over £3,000 a week.
Some of Jacqui's clothes bore the label ‘Designed by Jacqui Smale for Laura Ashley’ and Veronica Papworth, fashion editor of the Sunday Express, had written flatteringly about Jacqui's work.
Again the shop looked more like a warehouse ‘with only the clothes to make…a forest of colour’, wrote Veronica Papworth in the Sunday Express.
While accepting in principle the need to delegate, her inner fury, not always expressed, if something were not carried out to her wishes, was great.
‘As I work with the prints all day I would get so bored if I wore them as well,’ she once told an American interviewer, who expressed surprise to find her in such plain clothes.
Landgrebe, only the second graduate employed by the company, had taken over Peter Revers' job when the latter went to New York and had responsibilities for scheduling and managing shops, but knew better than to express an opinion on artistic matters.
But, after a while, she had to excuse herself from the discussions to express some milk and Laura was furious.
For example, Kaplan's arguments for ‘activity-based costing’(Kaplan, 1988) are usually expressed in terms of providing an annual review of product-costing for pricing and product-mix decisions.
The learning rate, in turn, is expressed as 1 minus the constant percentage of costs reduced as output doubles.
Words to express her feelings seemed to wither and die inside her.
He was a proud, even arrogant man; the way he sat, the way he held his head, expressed that eloquently.
But it was not instrumental music per se that gave Italy its centuries of primacy, though it contributed to the main form in which that primacy was manifested; it was the continuing drive to make music express poetic texts.
(Like Andrea, he and Croce were first and foremost composers for state occasions, although Giovanni could also express intense personal anguish in a smaller work, the six-part ‘Timor et tremor’ with its madrigalian symbolism from the literal ‘tremor’motive at the beginning to the descending chromatic line of ‘non confundar’at the end.)
Influenced by a learned correspondent, Girolamo Mei, a philologist and student of ancient Greek music and drama who rightly believed Greek music to have been monodic (but seemingly supplied Galilei with thirteenth-century Byzantine melodies to Mesomedes' hymns under the impression that they were ancient), Galilei argued that the polyphonic ‘music of today is not of great value for expressing the passions of the mind by means of words, but is of value merely for the wind and stringed instruments, from which the ear…desires nothing but the sweet enjoyment of the variety of their harmonies…
When he published the Combattimento in 1638, in his book of Madrigali guerrieri ed amorosi, Monteverdi claimed in his preface that with it he had created a new genus of music, the stile concitato (excited), whereas earlier composers had been content to express the molle (soft) and temperato.
In those of the 1640S he follows, though with less psychological insight and power of characterization, the way pointed by Monteverdi away from the ceremonial princely opera toward what one might call dramatic solo opera for the larger public: drama expressed mostly in expressive recitative monologue and lively recitative dialogue, with the brief ‘arias’ usually left to the minor characters.
The works of Metzinger, Gleizes and Le Fauconnier had been hung together by chance at the Salon d'Automne of 1910, but the common characteristics which the critics saw in their styles, and the excitement expressed by the poets and authors at Mercereau's and at the Closerie des Lilas over the possibilities of a new school of painting, seem to have made the painters aware of each other; Apollinaire and Salmon in particular , although both were in many ways insensitive to painting, realized that Picasso's latest style contained the elements of a new art, and felt that the work of several other painters was evolving in a similar direction.
Since the musician works with notes, why should we not accept that colour by its intrinsic force is capable of expressing a painter's thought?’
Sonia Delaunay later expressed this theory in its simplest form: ‘Pure colours used as planes are juxtaposed in simultaneous contrasts to create for the first time a sense of form, achieved not by clair-obscur, but through the relationship in depth of the colours themselves.’
The Futurists, on the other hand, were men who started from violent ideological principles of their own but looked to Cubism for guidance as to how they could best express themselves.
At that same moment the Cubist painters, other than Picasso and Braque, were making contact with each other on the basis of common pictorial interests, while the Italians were banded together with an elaborate  programme but no adequate means of expressing it.
Even pictorial Futurism of course contained much that was new; as opposed to Cubism it was primarily an art of movement, concerned with treating large ambitious subjects, and with an aggressively contemporary aesthetic which expressed itself in its destructive attitude towards the past and a glorification of the machine; unlike Cubism it was a highly romantic and literary kind of painting.
But the means by which the Futurists were expressing themselves at this point were largely borrowed from the Cubists, and occasionally in some less well-informed criticism, the two terms became synonymous.
Or, to put it differently, he tends to express his idea of it.
Picasso, who was anxious to paint an object as he ‘thought’ it, or to express his ideas about it, was naturally anxious to explain as fully as possible the nature of its formal composition.
Most important, in these heads and figures the Cubist concept of form is expressed in a fully developed way.
If the mind or memory suggested new forms, the means of expressing them were purely pictorial.
Pierre Reverdy, a young friend and supporter of Picasso and Braque, was quick to realize the fact that true Cubism had not been the product of pictorial doctrines and theories, and also that the search for the means of expressing a new concept of form and space had made Cubism a style of almost unequalled pictorial discipline.
Picasso's dismissal of traditional perspective had been the result of his interest in investigating the nature of solid form and of a desire to express it in a new, more thorough and comprehensive, pictorial way.
Gertrude Stein expressed much the same idea when she wrote, ‘Picasso in his early Cubist pictures used printed letters as did Juan Gris to force the painted surface to measure up to something rigid and the rigid thing was the printed letter.’
Also there was no other way to express her sense of something having arrived from somewhere else, something normally invisible to the eye choosing to put on a human form.
It did not express twoness.
Probably there wouldn't be words sufficient to express the outrage.
She felt different but didn't know how to express it.
The second entails a projection as to how the pupil will behave in the unit but this is often obliquely expressed and reworked in terms of the first.
The ‘ideal’ pupil is one who is thought to require a period of adjustment coming from a school which has expressed a willingness to take the pupil back.
A campaign for the effective use of current resources is not at all incompatible with a campaign for additional ones and may enhance the clarity with which the shortfall in support for teachers is expressed.
At Larchgrove some expressed the view that the remedial input necessary to develop Tony's literacy and numeracy could be provided best at a residential school, but there was a stronger view that it would not be to his benefit to remove him from a secure and caring home.
Following a period of many months, William expressed a desire to return to mainstream schooling and approaches were made to St Augustine's by the educational psychologist concerned.
In light of this, St Augustine's was prepared to accept his re-enrolment in the school, although the assessment panel expressed a strong wish to keep his case under constant review.
The willingness of all staff to co-operate and contribute serves as a useful counterpoint to the divisive and negative views which are commonly expressed elsewhere.
This point was further expressed by the deputy headmistress, who said:
This comment from a senior teacher expresses a general view held by staff:
This observation was further expressed by another teacher who stated:
He expressed a need to talk to the pupils:
The idea that science should be expressed in someone else's language, the compulsory ‘the test-tube was placed over the bunsen burner’, may disadvantage many pupils but especially girls if that other language is seen to be part of the world of men.
Concern was also expressed in some quarters when it became known that Christopher Ball was to be appointed Chairman of the Board, on the grounds that as head of an Oxford College he would not appear to have the intimate knowledge of the further education system that such a post requires.
Fears have already been expressed that NAB may become a creature of the DES and be used largely to make more acceptable to the institutions harsh government decisions on resources.
The Gann Report received qualified approval from the colleges, though in many quarters regret was expressed that it had not taken the opportunity to recommend a single validating body for all courses in art and design, and not just non-advanced ones, and that its proposal for two different types of courses was ‘elitist’ and a vain attempt to separate the sheep from the goats.
There has been some concern expressed that these courses offered by the former colleges  of education have different objectives from those in art colleges, and might therefore lack professional competence, thereby creating ‘a dual standard within higher education’.
It expressed the view that opportunities should be provided for suitably qualified students to obtain a degree, although it was acknowledged that many would not be prepared to take the longer course this entailed and some would not be considered suitable for admission to degree studies.
A similar effort to control the boundaries within which sexuality might legally be expressed was inherent in the late Victorian attempt to regulate prostitution.
But working class women fiercely defended their right to a room which expressed their pride in housewifery and which also afforded additional privacy, a scarce commodity in working class households.
Middle class observers often expressed the opinion that working class housekeeping had grown sloppy and that the food budget could be better managed.
Arthur Newsholme, the Chief Medical Officer to the Local Government Board, believed it would be ‘folly’ to infer from Campbell's report that ‘the industrial occupation of mothers is not a most injurious element in our social life’, and in 1919 the Women's Employment Committee of the Ministry of Reconstruction, set up to advise on the opportunities for women's employment after the war, expressed the hope that ‘every inducement, direct or indirect, will be given to keep mothers at home’.
Similar attitudes were expressed during World War II, when the rapid decline in the birth rate gave additional force to the argument that married women should stay at home.
However, the sentiments the League expressed were probably more widely held.
Moreover, preservation of this family model was seen as crucial to the stability of the state and throughout the period fears regarding family disintegration were repeatedly expressed.
Similarly, during World War I, fears were expressed that servicemen's wives would spend their dependants' allowances on drink.
The inspector expressed his wish ‘that some of the poorer types would take on homework, as it would indicate some desire on their part to improve their circumstances’ and give him an opportunity of trying to improve the sanitary conditions of their dwellings.
During World War I, attitudes towards ‘war babies’ and their mothers briefly relaxed largely as a result of the efforts of the Council for the Unmarried Mother and her Child (founded in 1917), and greater concern was expressed about the high infant mortality rate amongst illegitimate children.
Women who were inspired neither by feminism nor revulsion against the prescribed role of the middle class wife and mother, but who nevertheless found a sense of purpose in philanthropy, often wrote of their work with a cloying sentimentality and in terms that reveal a strange mixture of humility (expressed in religious terms); insecurity, class superiority and a grim determination to do God's will.
Inside her she felt a power she could never manage to express; it was trapped inside her like water under the ground and she was the only one with the dowser's twigs who knew where it lay and could bring it to the surface.
Ideas are expressed freely and openly.
Sometimes the chairman of a committee stands down temporarily from the chair in order to express a deeply felt personal view about  an issue in which he has an interest.
Where standards are qualitative rather than quantitative, it is preferable for them to be expressed in terms of end-results rather than of methods.
A budget is a statement, usually expressed in financial terms, of the desired performance of an organization in the pursuit of its objectives in the short-term (one year).
Not all control information is expressed in statements and computer printouts.
Financial ratios are relationships that exist between accounting figures, and which are usually expressed in percentage terms.
Non-financial ratios indicate the relationship between quantifiable pieces of information, and may or may not be expressed in percentages.
They are usually expressed in mathematical terms (symbols, equations and formulae), and can be contrasted with other models in common use in business, such as budgets, profit and loss statements, sales charts, and numerous others.
The values in between are usually expressed as decimals of 1.
The size of a computer, ie its capacity to process information is expressed in terms of binary digits (‘bits’).
In practice, a computer's capacity is expressed in ‘bytes’, which are units of measure comprising 8 bits.
Diagrammatically, this can be expressed as in Figure 30.3.
A budget is a statement of desired performance (ie a standard to be achieved), usually expressed in financial terms.
Points in between these two are expressed as a decimal eg .5 for a one-in two chance.
This definition emphasises the concept of marketing and expresses a philosophical approach to marketing activities.
The term ‘market segmentation’ is based on the concept that most, if not all, markets are made up of different types of customers ie within each total market, there exist sub-markets which express distinctive product preferences compared with each other.
Other authors, e.g. Challinor (1949), have expressed quite opposite views, maintaining that the wavecut bench is cut at such a level as not to impede the action of the waves at the foot of the cliff, so that long  continued marine planation may occur.
Because of the need to be able to assimilate and present objectively masses of map data and also because of scepticism sometimes expressed about their very existence, rejuvenation features, mainly successions of erosion surfaces, were quite early subjected to quantitative methods of investigation and depiction, which still illustrate well some of the problems and pitfalls involved.
Yet another numerical device was the altimetric frequency curve, which really expressed the frequency of spot heights falling within certain class intervals.
As in the United States, although criticism of proposed appointments may sometimes be vigorously expressed, presidents usually get the appointees they want.
It expressed his intention exactly, but to explain it…
Gina didn't need to express her opinion of so-called clients who allowed their fingers to be kissed — her look said it all.
These ideas could either be expressed by four simple sentences (each containing one piece of information), or by a smaller number of complex sentences (each containing two, three or four pieces of information).
More specifically, it has been proposed that the related ideas expressed in a discourse are organised into a coherent whole or schema — to use the concept first developed by Bartlett (1932).
Recall was scored in terms of the number of ideas expressed in the passage which a subject was able to remember.
The process of schematic integration which occurs in discourse interpretation thus involves not only the relation of ideas expressed within the discourse, but also the relation of specific information contained in the discourse to the pre-existing knowledge of the discourse topic which the listener or reader has.
These words —nouns ,verbs ,adjectives and some adverbs — are also referred to as content words because they express the main meaning in an utterance.
Words in the closed class, on the other hand, are used in order to express grammatical relations between words.
In particular,prepositions , which are part of the closed class because of the fixed size of their  numbers and their grammatical function, often express an essential aspect of the meaning of an utterance.
We will discuss two issues, the existence of various alternative ways of expressing essentially similar information, and the relation between the accessibility of particular lexical items and the production of particular syntactic forms.
One question which has concerned psycholinguists for many years is why there exist in English (and in other languages) several alternative syntactic options (or paraphrases) for expressing essentially the same information.
For example, the following three sentences all express the same basic meaning:
We described Garrett's ideas about the various processes required for the production of spoken sentences, and the various factors (discourse theme, animacy, lexical accessibility) which determine the choice a speaker makes between different sentences expressing the same meaning — passives versus actives, for example.
An open meeting of students and staff is held in the first two terms of each year (usually in week 7), principally for students to express views and opinions to the Dean and staff.
Offers are always expressed as two or three grades rather than a total of points to retain a degree of control at the confirmation stage.
No student can, however, be in Stage I and Stage II at the same time and no student is allowed to proceed into Stage II unless he or she has fully satisfied Stage I requirements or with the express approval of the Examinations Committee.
Much of the interest expressed in the Oxford Polytechnic Modular Course by visitors and correspondents is on behalf of departments or whole institutions who are considering ‘going modular’.
Before a fight begins it is extremely important that the fighters express respect for each other and for the officials judging them.
For many years it was thought that in the absence of express provision in the original constitution the continued equality of all shares was a fundamental condition which could not be abrogated by an alteration of the articles so as to allow the issue of shares preferential to those already issued.
A further advantage is that whereas with a series of debentures with a charge on the company's assets it will be necessary to say expressly in each debenture that it is one of a series each ranking pari passu in respect of the charge; debenture stock achieves that result without express provision.
Sections 352, 354 and 355 clearly envisage, and indeed demand, alterations without which the register could not be kept up to date and fulfil its purpose, and although there is no express provision for alterations of members' addresses that takes place all the time.
The registered member may well be a trustee or nominee but of that the company neither knows nor is entitled to let anyone know;, for ‘No notice of any trust, expressed, implied or constructive shall be entered on the register or be receivable by the Registrar’ in the case of companies registered in England and Wales.
This, however, cannot be correct since section 36A, inserted by the 1989 Act, provides that a company need not have a common seal and that whether it has or not ‘a document signed by a director and the secretary of the company or by two directors and expressed (in whatever form of words) to be executed by the company has the same effect as if executed under the common seal of the company.’
Hence in practice there will be no problems arising from restrictions on transferability or from a company's lien; debentures will invariably provide that the money expressed to be secured will be paid, and that the debentures are transferable, free from any equities or claims between the company and the original or any intermediate holder.
This appointment will normally be made by the debentureholder under an express or implied power in the debenture, or by the court.
Finally, it should be pointed out that one of the grounds on which under section 432 the Secretary of State may appoint inspectors to investigate and report on the affairs of a company is that ‘the company's members have not been given all the information with respect to its affairs which they might reasonably expect’— whether or not that information is such that they have an express statutory right to be told it.
All this chapter attempts is to offer guidance on how to find the way through the statutory provisions which, understandably, tend to be expressed in accountants' language rather than that of lawyers.
A perusal of the Regulations suggests that the summary will be a pretty lengthy one and expressed in equally impenetrable accountants' and lawyers' jargon.
The other points to note on the Regulations are:(i) that advantage cannot be taken of the section if a provision, ‘however expressed,’ of the company's memorandum or articles requires copies of the full accounts to be sent to members or which prohibits the sending of summary financial statements (ii) that provisions, similar to  those in relation to the full accounts, apply to approval by, and signature on behalf of, the directors of the summary, and (iii) that, up to the end of 1991, most listed companies do not seem to have opted to adopt the innovation.
‘— to ensure that individuals do not suffer through ignorance of their rights and responsibilities or of the services available; or through an inability to express their needs effectively;,— to exercise a responsible influence on the development of social policies and services, both locally and nationally.
One critic expressed fears that it might ‘…become a new kind of legal aid on the cheap,’ yet others were concerned lest it be thought that the green form was appropriate for anything other than low-cost proceedings.
All those involved in the Bristol scheme (local law society, magistrates, magistrates' clerks and police) expressed themselves to be satisfied with the result and this scheme provided the model for others which followed.
Notwithstanding the various deficiencies, mentioned in this section, the overall view of the green form scheme expressed by Baldwin and Hill was encouraging:
The 1986 NACAB AGM overwhelmingly passed a resolution expressing concern that the proposals might change the fundamental character of the CAB service and might prejudice its independence, would cut legal services and reduce freedom of choice of legal service to the poor and would damage working relationships between CABx and legal aid practitioners, other advice agencies and law centres.
The White Paper accepted that there was force in some of the objections that had been made, and expressed the belief that the existing Green Form Scheme could be ‘improved to provide better service at lower cost.’
The Committee has expressed concern that these reforms, particularly those concerning conveyancing and the Bar, may lead to a breakdown in the network of solicitors' offices, especially in rural areas, and a diminution in the quality of service to legally aided clients.
If granted, taxation is carried out on the ‘indemnity basis’ but it is presumed that the costs (a) have been reasonably incurred, if they were incurred with the express or implied approval of the client;(b) have been reasonable in amount, if their amount was expressly or impliedly approved by the client;(c) have been unreasonably incurred, if in the circumstances of the case they are of an unusual nature, unless the solicitor satisfies the taxing officer that prior to their being incurred the client was informed that they might not be allowed on taxation of costs.
The general concern expressed about the approach is whether the county courts are going to be able to cope with the significant extra workload.
The concern is expressed on behalf of defendants in custody because they may ultimately be acquitted or given non-custodial sentences, and on behalf of defendants on bail because of the uncertainty and unpleasantness of a pending criminal trial.
The figure is almost always expressed as a range which will expand according to the seriousness of the injury.
This merits test is often expressed by asking the following question: ‘If this applicant were the private client of a solicitor would he or she be advised to take or defend the action?’
Concern has been expressed about the delays in determining the merits test, especially as delay and refusal of legal aid appear to be related.
Genius was once expressed through clarity and simplicity, and perhaps we are wrong to fear simplicity today.
The melody and accompaniment can express the general atmosphere of the poem, but cannot underline the significance of individual words.
These combine well, the chords marching down aggressively and the upper part pointedly expressing energy and spirit.
Counterpoint of the fugato or canonic type was used as accompaniment in Baroque times, but has now largely fallen out of use, as it fails to express individual mood or atmosphere.
However, it has been our aspiration to introduce ideas of more novelty and distinction, urging students to write accompaniments which have originality and may provide a unique framework for the melody and words which express the composer's more intimate feelings.
As we write for an instrument we must be playing it in our imagination, with the right bowings and fingerings, feeling the sensations of different registers, expressing ourselves through the different tones and timbres, the possibilities of legato, staccato, vibrato, etc.
In any case, it could well be that some students have no interest at all in certain idioms and prefer to by-pass them quickly in their search for what expresses their own aesthetic more closely.
However, we would like to express the view that triads need not be so ruthlessly confiscated.
The Reagan Doctrine expressed an American unwillingness to legitimise Soviet interests or involvement in the Third World.
The Soviet interest in the demilitarisation of Central Europe was expressed in more explicit proposals.
He expressed the Malaysian hope that the non-aligned countries ‘will be able to endorse the neutralisation of not only the Indo-China area but of the entire region of Southeast Asia, guaranteed by the three major powers, the People's Republic of China, the Soviet Union and the United States, against any form of external interference, threat or pressure’.
Kosygin expressed his understanding of ‘the interest of Malaysia in the normalisation of conditions in Southeast Asia’ and told Razak that the USSR ‘respected many of the considerations contained in this plan’.
In his address to the Colombo Non-Aligned Conference Premier Pham Van Dong expressed support for ‘the Southeast Asian peoples in their efforts to achieve genuine independence, peace and neutrality’.
Thus during a visit to Moscow by the Malaysian Prime Minister, Datuk Hussein Onn, in September 1979 Kosygin expressed support for the ZOPFAN resolution since its implementation ‘would establish a precondition for the widening of the process of détente over all the Asian continent’.
He expressed his intention to seek talks with both China and ASEAN on a political solution to the war in Kampuchea through establishing a zone of peace, stability and friendly cooperation in Southeast Asia.
He expressed his conviction that the USSR could play a leading role in the resolution of the Kampuchean conflict.
Brezhnev had expressed unease in Delhi that ‘foreign military penetration’ in the Middle East was intensifying in the wake of this conflict.
In his speech before the Indian Parliament in December 1980 Brezhnev denied that the Soviet Union posed a threat to the Gulf Soviet leaders proposed sureties for Western interests in Gulf oil and by 1981 expressed their readiness ‘to take part in a settlement of the situation around Afghanistan…linked with matters of Persian Gulf security’.
He expressed disquiet, however, over strong British government support for the ‘Carter Doctrine under which any part of the world can be proclaimed a sphere of vital American interests’ including ‘the oil-rich Persian Gulf region’.
The Libyan leader, Gaddafi, expressed his support for Soviet proposals to safeguard international peace during a visit to Moscow in April 1981.
In their joint communiqué the two states ‘spoke out resolutely against the creation of military political blocs and military bases in the region’ and expressed themselves ‘in favour of making the Red Sea region a zone of peace’.
However, given the clearly expressed strategic interests of the United States  in the region it is probable that the latest Soviet ‘neutralisation’ proposal was not a serious attempt to bring the Western states to the negotiating table.
An examination of Soviet attitudes to Western schemes to neutralise Afghanistan in the wake of Soviet military intervention in that country is particularly revealing since such Soviet attitudes are sharply at variance with those expressed in connection with the Soviet-sponsored Persian Gulf plan.
This is the more paradoxical as Soviet leaders have expressed their readiness since the Twenty-Sixth Soviet Party Congress in February 1981 to discuss issues linked with the international aspects of the Afghan problem in connection with questions on the security of the Persian Gulf.
Soviet officials in fact had expressed their suspicion all along, however, that the EEC scheme for Afghanistan had a strong propaganda function.
Moreover, the USSR has expressed itself ready to take part in such a settlement ‘linked with matters of Persian Gulf security’.
He suggested the discussion of a draft constitution ‘so that representatives of the opposing side could express their proposals’.
The Afghan regime under Taraki, which was under military pressure from Pakistan and Iran, expressed its own doubts during the 1979 Havana Non-Aligned Summit.
The USSR noted ‘with satisfaction’ that ‘Iran is expressing its support for the world-wide democratic international Non-Aligned Movement’.
Soviet commentaries pointed out that the foreign ministers of the non-aligned states had expressed their concern during a meeting in February 1981 over the aspirations of NATO to extend its activities outside Europe.
Nor did it believe in hopes expressed by Saudi Arabia that the six countries involved could become militarily self-sufficient, since it characterised all these states as ‘military clients of Western states’.
This underlying concern still shapes Moscow's attitude to bodies such as ASEAN and it expresses a growing resentment over the limitations of Moscow's policy of military denial in the Third World in this decade.
Soviet leaders have expressed no readiness, however, to withdraw Soviet base facilities in neighbouring Eastern bloc states to compensate for those they wish removed from Greece or for the adoption of neutrality by Greece.
In July 1987, for example, the Soviet Foreign Ministry expressed concern over the new Turkish-American ‘agreement on economic and defence cooperation’ which defines the American military presence in that country until 1990.
As in the Mediterranean region the Soviet Union has tried to ride the tide of hostility expressed by non-aligned nations to military bases in South Asia and the Indian Ocean.
This plan was initiated despite strong opposition from the nations bordering the Indian Ocean, which was expressed for example in a joint statement issued in 1974.
Particular concern has been expressed over the construction of an air base at Shindand in western Afghanistan.
In his view ‘one of the levers of pressure on the policy of the new states by the West is military cooperation, which expresses itself in rendering military assistance, the sale of modern arms, the dispatch of a significant number of Western military advisers to the developing countries and, finally, the creation of military bases on the territory of a series of non-aligned states’.
An opinion expressed by Karen Brutents, the senior Soviet official and Third World specialist, is revealing in this context.
He had just spun the thought expressed in the sentence ‘I'm going to kill you’ into three paragraphs of civilised threat.
The modern versions of Taylorism are expressed in terms of job design and work study.
Almost all organisations of any size have organisational charts which show how an organisation may be expressed in formal terms.
The concept is expressed diagrammatically in Figure 4.3.
Each of the different cultures may express the roles that organisations perform.
We can see this idea expressed in international relations between states: the USA could not defeat Vietnam despite the fact that in terms of military equipment the USA had the most powerful weapons.
Power is one of a cluster of concepts that are all, concerned with the ability of one person or group to affect another person or group as expressed in our general definition of power.
In democratic societies the will of the people, as expressed in elections, is deemed to be the appropriate legitimation for political power.
Given the constraints placed upon officials by formal rules and regulations we may wonder to what extent there is the opportunity for officials to express personal qualities.
The goal of a local authority may be expressed as ‘Serving the public’ but this is rather vague and can be interpreted in any number of different ways;
Leadership, traditionally, has been seen as a form of activity that is expressed in terms of a relationship — that between the leader and the led.
At one level it may be expressed by a Commander-in-Chief who is determining the strategic objectives of the military and has to convince the generals.
Within the public sector we tend to think of politicians as providing the vision for the organisation, expressed in terms, depending upon the ideology of the party in power, which include:
Not only that but motivation can be expressed in terms of self-interest, however that may be perceived, and in terms of serving organisational interests.
In between swigs they expressed approval or disparagement of the play with drawn-out exclamations of ‘Ooooh!’ and ‘Aaaah!’and — from those whose hands were not otherwise encumbered — the occasional burst of applause.
He was the one to approach me — none of my other employees expressed that kind of interest in the project.’
This was not an express requirement in the previous legislation, and it is not obvious why it should have been introduced into the new law.
Conditional threats are covered by the section, unless the condition expressed is such as to make it abundantly plain that the person uttering it had no intention of carrying out his threat.
A threat expressed in the form ‘if I catch you when there are no police about’ addressed to an adversary is not caught by the section, since it is not a threat of such as to cause the victim of it to believe that he will be the object of ‘immediate’violence.
The proposal was not even expressed in Bill form in the White Paper, and the proper interpretation of the legislation once enacted is a matter for the courts.
Nor is the offence under section 5 expressed to be committed by the distribution of offensive matter, as opposed to its display.
Although alarm is not expressed to relate to any particular source of concern, we do not usually speak of alarm in a vacuum.
The offence could be used against counter-demonstrators who set out to ‘smash’ their opponents or to stop them from expressing the point of view that they set out to express.
The policing of processions, marches, demonstrations and meetings of various sorts represents a considerable call on modern police resources, especially in the Metropolitan Police area of London, whose central location makes it particularly attractive to groups wishing to express a point of view in public.
Only if the chief constable expressed his order in terms such as that he considered any injury to his men to constitute serious public disorder might the courts be prepared to intervene.
Both sections 12 and 14 allow the senior police officer to impose conditions only if he ‘reasonably believes’ that the stipulated events will occur, and the Government White Paper expressed the view that the new law would ‘ensure that demonstrators have an effective means of challenging any decision by the police to impose conditions which is not justified by a real risk of serious disorder, disruption or coercion.’
No similar undertaking has been expressed in 1986, and it remains to be seen what prosecution policies will be adopted in the light of the new law.
Nor can the performer be guilty of an offence by aiding and abetting the director; the ordinary principles of complicity are expressed not to apply.
There was no real evidence before the Standing Committee that such material was currently being produced or in circulation, but the fear was expressed that, if the ‘private member's club’ defence were to be removed from the most common form in which such material was currently produced, namely books, magazines and pamphlets, it would not be long before such clubs began to produce their propaganda in new media.
This is not positively expressed to be the law, unlike section 18, which expressly provides that the offence may take place in private as well as in public, and affords a private dwelling exemption.
But in this case, the evidence seemed to go the other way, and was the express reason why the magistrates dismissed the charges.
‘In the judgment of this court it would be difficult, and in the present case it is unnecessary, to reduce within specific limits the general terms in which the duties of police constables have been expressed.
If I thought that the present case raised the question which has been held in suspense by more than one writer on constitutional law — namely, whether an assembly can properly be held to be unlawful merely because the holding of it is expected to give rise to a breach of the peace on the part of persons opposed to those who are holding the meeting — I should wish to hear much more argument before expressing an opinion.
The same power has been used to control potentially unruly crowds going to football matches, and to turn back would-be picketing miners at some distance from the scene where they wished to express their displeasure.
The Divisional Court expressed its conclusion in the following terms:
expressed the point in a slightly different context:
One qualification that should be made to the general formula that Lord Goddard laid down in Hinchcliffe v. Sheldon is that it appears to make a person guilty of obstructing by omission, and the view may be expressed that this is not the law.
It may be, then, that there is a distinction between the two cases and that, notwithstanding the later doubts expressed in Hills v. Ellis, Willmott v. Atack should be taken to stand for the proposition that a person who interferes with the police intending to help them is not guilty of a wilful obstruction.
He disapproved of the casual obscenity of barrack-room conversation, but as he groped for words to express his triumphant passion, he found to his surprise that he could not say them to Bridget They would sound to her like a string of incoherent obscenities:— the Army and — second stag on East Wing Guard and — Sergeant Towser who cancelled his last leave pass and — the troop train back to Catterick on Sunday night and — the cold walk from the station to the camp and — the platform where he kissed Bridget good-bye at the end of leave and — the street corner where he had to run for his bus and — the Teddy-boy who had attacked her and — all the people and all the regulations and all the time-tables and all the clocks that had tried for so long to stop them from having this.
We can compare its performance, for example, by expressing profit as a percentage of capital employed, which for 1990/91 was 1.5 per cent .
‘Measurement focus: The objective of a measurement, that is, what is being expressed in reporting an entity's financial performance and position.
The income figure, particularly expressed as a ratio of net investment, has come to be the ultimate test of a company's success or failure.
In so far as the auditor in the public sector is expressing an opinion on financial statements, then the Auditing Standards and Guidelines that apply in the private sector also apply in the public sector, absent specific statements to the contrary (Auditing Guideline 416, 1987).
But the most important point is that very often auditors are required to do much more than express opinions on financial statements, in the public sector in general and in government particularly.
The objectivity of the internal auditor is seen in terms of each auditor having an objective attitude of mind and being able to exercise judgement, express opinions and present recommendations with impartiality.
It is evident that Ollier (1981), although making a plea for a more evolutionary geomorphology, does not cite the quantitatively expressed geophysical research and it seems unlikely that geomorphology can contribute in such areas unless it is willing to adopt the methods and language of other practitioners.
I should, however, say that many of the ideas here expressed are explicitly stated in the lectures of Professor Kirk Bryan whose emphasis on climatic morphology has led to the formulation here set forth.
Contrary to(uninformed?) views sometimes expressed it is acknowledged that physical geographers are respected for the contribution that they can make — when they do make a specific contribution.
This influential paper proceeded from an explanation that for many processes above the level of competence, the rate of movement of material can be expressed as a power function of some stress, to demonstrate that the largest portion of sediment transported by rivers is carried by flows which occur on average once or twice each year, and that transport of sand and dust by wind follows the same laws.
In geomorphological terms Church (1980) has expressed this situation in terms of mass or energy fluxes or changes in content of a storage or control volume.
The rate of accumulation of biomass or NPP is expressed as weight of living matter/unit area/ unit time and recent work by the International Biological Programme (IBP) has provided more accurate estimates of NPP on a world scale for both continents and oceans, and this makes it possible to rank biome types according to NPP or present processes.
Maunder expressed his objective as (Maunder, 1970, pp. xxi, 2).
Tansley (1946, p. 207) further expressed the notion that:
Earlier still Jenny (1941) in his Factors of Soil Formation had expressed any soil character in terms of climate (cl), organisms (o), relief (r), parent material (p) time (t), and other additional unspecified factors in the relation:
Many physical geography texts and papers have used the hydrological cycle as an exemplar of the way in which systems components may be identified and the structure expressed.
To my academic colleagues on both the physical and human sides and the biogeographical middle of the subject I would like to express the hope that my method of expressing salient parameters, in fields as far apart as climatology and social geography, in terms of a common set of units — the Watt and the calorie — has value for the future of our subject.
It does express some of the deeper discontents and anxieties of the contemporary working class, particularly a real sense of loss, which is not nostalgic but a genuine understanding of the cost of ‘progress’ in terms of any sense of community or collective responsibility.
That sentiment, and the optimism expressed in such statements,fairly accurately reflected the views of those involved in similar activities with working-class and oppressed groups in Great Britain and the United States of  America in the 1970s and early 1980s.
This opposition, expressed in terms of adult education, seems out of all proportion given that most women can expect to spend at most three or four hours a week in women-only classes as against a lifetime in the world of men.
It was regarded as a great advance when third-class passenger expresses were introduced on the East India Railway.
The carriage window was quickly let down, and the Queen and Prince Consort…turned with smiling faces to the multitude who thought only of expressing their loyalty to the utmost.
But eat a good breakfast we could not, being ‘journey-proud’, as our old cook used to express our excited state…
Nothing could more eloquently express the nature of the Victorian railway system — a towering, splendid, multi-faceted edifice built four-square on a foundation of industry and trade.
In 1890 the Great Western inaugurated two daily express milk specials from Swindon Junction.
The great goods depots of London possess an importance superior even to that of the passenger termini themselves and furnish to the keen observer fields of study every whit as interesting as those afforded by the heterogeneous masses of humanity which daily pack themselves into express and local trains.
Young kids, some of them not even teenagers, were arriving all the time, mostly for reasons that they hadn't thought through or couldn't express.
Hale declared that proof of the emission of seed was unnecessary and, in the nineteenth century, although there was some doubt about this, East expressed himself to be firmly against such a requirement.
The Policy Advisory Committee expressed the view that ‘some indecent acts other than sexual intercourse, especially if repeated over any length of time, can perhaps be as harmful as sexual intercourse, and that they represent just as much an abuse of the familial relationship as acts of sexual intercourse.’
Two centuries after Hale's pronouncement, Pollock B. unequivocally expressed his support for the marital rape exemption in similar terms.
Some of these were expressed by a minority of the Criminal Law Revision Committee in its Working Paper.
Lanham's view that rape can be a perfectly understandable and forgivable way of dealing with the problems of a marriage echoes that expressed by Lord Dunedin in 1924 in a matrimonial case involving a wife who refused to consummate her marriage.
This sentiment was expressed by Cairns L.J.
In Australia in 1976, judicial scepticism about Hale's doctrine was expressed in Caldwell v. R .
Moreover, the Director of Public Prosecutions himself, when consulted about the proposal, expressed doubt as to how the public interest criterion would be interpreted in such cases.
In Harling in 1938, Hilbery J. expressed the view that ‘a charge of rape requires to be sustained by evidence which satisfies the jury first of all that there was carnal knowledge, secondly that it was by force, and thirdly that it was without consent.’
The Heilbron Report expressed the following criticism of this type of approach:
Professor Williams suggests that threats to the complainant's children will suffice, although there seems to be no express authority for this proposition.
In Fletcher , a nineteenth century case involving a mentally deficient 16-year-old girl, three judges expressed the view that, if such a girl acted out of‘animal instinct,’ she would nevertheless be regarded as having consented.
Indeed, in Tolson this was expressed to be the case even where the crime was held to be one requiring proof of a mental element.
Thus, for centuries it used to be thought that even if a woman expressed her lack of consent in every way within her power, if she conceived as a result of the intercourse, she must in fact have consented.
This is but the opinion of one prosecutor expressed not long after the legislation had come into force.
The Tasmanian Law Reform Commission expressed the matter even more forcefully: ‘The present focus on consent virtually demands that a defence counsel who is doing his job properly must challenge the sexual conduct and personal integrity of the complainant and attempt to present her in the most unfavourable light.’
In its Report on Sexual Offences, the Canadian Law Reform Commission stated: ‘The Commission has come to the conclusion that the very use of the word ‘rape’ attaches a profound moral stigma to the victims and expresses an essentially irrational folklore about them.’
‘Any views expressed about Master Matthew?’
Sarah's voice expressed utter incredulity.
He sat with his legs apart, his hands resting on his knees, and his freckled, rather florid face expressed mild concern.
Bürger's stress on the ‘ideas’ that are expressed in criticism is particularly important here.
She started singing love songs, but found they were not enough to express her feelings.
She was expressing in her own words the ache of modern life.
The anger and resentment expressed at every level, from street vendor to middle-class intellectual, was almost entirely directed at Washington, not at him as an individual American.
No one at the  university was to know of his DIA connection, and to avoid any written record that might compromise his cover, Donleavy arranged for him to be paid during this period with American Express money orders drawn at 7–11 stores around Falls Church, Virginia.
The DEA had already expressed an interest in getting him back there, he said.
Ten days later, when the agents moved in to round up their targets, El-Jorr checked out and returned to Cyprus, charging the hotel bill to his American Express card as instructed.
Meanwhile, tired of waiting for its money, American Express cancelled his card.
‘And twelve years on, when Inez disappeared, you still expressed an interest.’
Catherine and he still spent time together, when he was not working in the fields, but he no longer expressed his fondness for her in words, and he looked angry if she touched or kissed him.
Policy documents expressed commitment to Community Care but the relationship between broad policy goals and the specific activities of service providing agencies was not at all clear.
It is interesting to compare the enthusiasm of the NASW (1992) in the US for Case Management as a social work role with the reservations expressed by BASW (1990).
Thus, this paper is adopting explicitly a particular position along the spectrum of views currently being expressed about comprehensive, multidisciplinary assessment of older people, and, as well as proposing a model for practice, is also an attempt to stimulate amongst professionals and managers a debate, which is now urgent, about how the development of assessment and care management systems should proceed.
As Fisher (1990) has already pointed out the community care reforms are being designed as if everyone who is to receive services feels equally happy about that fact, and can express a reliable opinion about their own need for care, and the success of the service in meeting their needs.
Staff also expressed anxieties about confidentiality.
If the care programme approach is adopted by user and carer interests it could be used to articulate the needs of consumers with mental health problems and express these to commissioners or planners.
Notwithstanding such notable achievements I share some of the reservations the authors express about Wentwood Education.
Mr Davies expressed relief at an increase in the number and scope of exemptions to the directive.
These comments are slightly at variance with the rather more positive reports from the specialist booksellers in The Bookseller 's Christmas roundup (8th January), although the latter were evidently expressing a degree of relief that Christmas hadn't been worse while the CBI survey respondents were, at least, somewhat less pessimistic than a year previously.
Sir Roger was responding to concern expressed by BA president John Hitchin of Phoenix Bookshops that books were now available to the public at differing prices, leading to confusion in a book market which research recently commissioned by the BA had shown to be ‘one homogeneous whole’.
During the Open Forum Gordon Graham, a former PA president and now editor of Logos , expressed concern that because of the United Nations sanctions against Serbia, British books were not reaching that country.
Robert Bramson Coping with Difficult Bosses (Nicholas Brealey, 20th May, £16.99/£7.99): serialisation Daily Mail ;Daily Express ,Times ,Observer ,She ,More!,
There is a competition in the Daily Express to win a diamond, all the expected p.o.s. and razzmatazz are there, but this year there is an added ingredient to well sales still further: a four-part, four-hour ITV mini-series in the autumn.
A Landing on the Sun won the Sunday Express prize.
While there are some aspects of the redraft where it might be argued that the law has not been accurately expressed, there is no doubt that both its language and typography suggest that there are considerable improvements which could be made to the present drafting and printing of statutes in the UK.
As parliamentary counsel continue to be harried to express meaning in a clear and accessible manner, perhaps the judiciary should be encouraged to do the same.
I stress this in order to underline that the view which I express is idiosyncratic, prejudiced and probably heretical.
As to specifically modern legislation, it would be equally unhelpful, although equally accurate, to express simply the initial and irresistible impression that there is a lot of it about, that some of it is unintelligible and that all of it is indigestible.
These criticisms are commonly voiced by those who have some political or academic axe to grind and who are, or think that they are, the blessed recipients of some God-given intuition which enables them to divine the actual mind of Parliament, no matter how obscure or equivocal the language in which it has chosen to express itself.
That is why it is so vitally important that legislation should be expressed in language that can be clearly understood and why it should be in a form that makes it readily accessible.
It is, as Lord Renton pointed out in an address to this Society in 1990, too much to ask that legislation should always be expressed simply; for the complexities of modern life do not always admit of simplicity and we cannot afford, in providing a code of conduct, to sacrifice certainty to simplicity.
The instructions which come with a video recorder tend to be expressed in an amiable pidgin Japanese, but the citizen who misunderstands them suffers no worse fate than that of failing to record the programme that he wants, unless and until his ten-year-old grandson can be prevailed upon to work the thing for him.
And that is why, as it seems to me, fairness dictates that the instructions upon which he is directed to act should be expressed in language which is unambiguous and capable of being readily understood without reference to speculation, from material not obvious or readily available to the reader, about what Parliament intended to say but has not clearly said.
It is precisely this that makes me very suspicious of searching for some supposed rational parliamentary intention outside the language in which a draftsman who is known to be rational has chosen to express it.
The first, I believe, is a case where the Court guessed, but guessed incorrectly, at the parliamentary intention and so construed the Act in a way which accomplished a most desirable social purpose but which nevertheless contradicted the clear and unequivocal terms in which it was expressed.
The second is a classic case of the Court's creation of a policy never expressed by Parliament and the imposition of that policy on the legislation in plain contradiction of its express and unequivocal terms.
Indeed, one must infer that the policy was deliberately not expressed in the legislation because it appeared in express terms in other legislation relating to other transactions.
Parliament, it was said, could not have intended, despite the clearly expressed intention to the contrary, to have given the exclusion so limited an operation, for that would have been of very little assistance to the police.
Thus from a very narrow and restricted expression there has been drawn a very wide and unrestricted principle, all based on the assumed purpose of Parliament and the perceived absurdity of seeking to effect it by the language in which Parliament actually chose to express it.
‘Held with the intention’ has come to mean brought into being with the intention, on the part of anyone, and subsequently held, by him or by anyone else'; and if that is what the draftsman intended or was instructed to express, the conclusion is irresistible that he did so with a degree of competence that would not have disgraced a chimpanzee learning the piano.
How far can it be right for the judiciary, whom no one has elected, to assume the mantle of the legislature by inventing and applying to legislation, under the guise of construction, concepts of public policy which Parliament itself has deliberately refrained from expressing?
There is a genuine exchange, a genuine sale and a genuine investment company, the whole transaction being carried out in a way which the Act, in express terms, provides for.
However, what does seem to me to be both dangerous and impermissible is the judicial superimposition, under the guise of statutory construction, of a principle, supposedly based on some parliamentary intention nowhere expressed, that genuine transactions carried out in conformity with unequivocal statutory provisions are to be annulled or rendered ineffective because undertaken with either the sole or the predominant motive of obtaining the fiscal benefits which those provisions confer.
The purpose of a legal text does not have to be surmised or deduced from the bare terms of its operative   parts: the recitals, if properly drawn, state it clearly in express terms.
‘In the Court of Appeal considerable doubt was expressed by that court as to whether an absolute prohibition on the import of a particular description of goods could amount to a quantitative restriction or a measure having equivalent effect, so as to fall within the ambit of Article 30 at all.
That such doubt should be expressed shows the danger of an English court applying English canons of statutory construction to the interpretation of the Treaty or, for that matter, of regulations or directives.
Particular emphasis has been given to the prevention of distortions of competition (an express treaty objective under Article 3(f), to justify a very wide use of Article 100, since it could be argued that any difference between national regulatory frameworks may distort competition in the Community, even in the area of social policy.
Whilst the European Court accepted in Luisi and Carbone that tourists as recipients of services fall within the scope of the EEC Treaty, nevertheless there was no express treaty provision dealing with tourism and the promotion thereof.
However, the Maastricht amendments have introduced measures in the sphere of tourism into the Community's express objectives.
Whatever may be the limits of Article 235, and it has been noted that it gave rise, even before the Community acquired its express environmental competence, to legislation on the conservation of wild birds, examples can be found of the development of what would appear to be new Community policies, without even a reference to Article 235.
Whilst many current EEC provisions may only be used to the extent ‘necessary’ for the achievement of the Community's objectives, failure to ratify the Maastricht Treaty will mean that there will be no express reference to ‘subsidiarity’.
While in the context of the prohibition of quantitative restrictions and measures equivalent thereto there is express provision for national safeguard measures, it is clear that both under Article 36 of the EEC Treaty and under the theory of the protection of mandatory requirements, national measures may only be justified where the matter at issue is not governed by provisions of Community law.
Nevertheless, perhaps because of the procedural problems outlined above, Article 100A(4) appears to have been used for the first time only in 1992, in relation to German legislation banning the use of PCP (pentachlorophenol) despite the fears expressed at the time the Single European Act was signed that it would destroy the Court's achievements in this sphere.
In this case it was held by the European Court that where the Community has exercised an express internal power, the corresponding external powers, that is, the power to negotiate an international agreement relating to external aspects of the same matter, fell within Community competence.
If a summary might be attempted in the area of social law, it may be submitted that in those areas where the Community has specific express powers, those powers have been largely exercised, as in the free movement of persons, so that it is a matter of exclusive Community competence on either theory.
Ironically, one casualty of failure to bring it into force would be the express attempt to limit action on the part of the Community through the concept of subsidiarity, even if in practical terms account already seems to be being taken of this concept.
The relaxed exclusionary rule, as expressed by Lord Browne-Wilkinson in Pepper v. Hart , with which five of his six colleagues sitting in the Appellate Committee concurred, would:
To be admitted as an aid to construction must parliamentary material (a) in its own terms express a clear parliamentary intention or (b) must it express a clear parliamentary intention which resolves an already identified ambiguity?
Expressed in this way, it is submitted that (a) is the preferable approach for the courts to adopt.
This is based on the presumption that, where there is no subsequent relevant amendment, a parliamentary statement on the mischief or effect of a statutory provision, which is not withdrawn or varied, expresses parliamentary intention.
Admissible statements must also be clear in the sense that the legislative intention which they express must also be attributable ‘to Parliament as a whole’.
A letter to the minister enables the sub-committee to express views swiftly, usually on one aspect only.
There are such cases — where a novel idea originated with the Committee's Opinion and is then taken into the legislation, where a national judge or European Advocate-General cites a Committee report or where a member of the European Parliament says in evidence that he will prepare an amendment to respond to a concern expressed by a sub-committee and then does so.
Sub-Committee E has certainly carried out a number of inquiries — for example, those into Merger Controls and into product Safety and into Unfair Contract Terms, where the final content of the legislation corresponded entirely to the views they had earlier expressed.
The new statutory definition would naturally   draw quintessentially upon existing case law and also current aspirations and modern requirements, expressed in general principles, in terms of broad classes.
At the start of a New Year, many national and political leaders have expressed their desire for peace throughout the world in 1993.
Sometimes the contrast is not so clearly expressed for us in the twentieth century as it would have been in the first century, so we have to rely on commentaries to point out the way that the apostle was thinking.
Again, Jeremiah was doing the Lord's work as a servant; in the passage we heard a few moments ago, he expressed his dismay at the manner in which he was being treated by the people.
Five hundred years ago, during the Reformation, one of the leaders expressed his joy in being on God's side with the phrase:
Those are the voices of people who are not content, expressed in material ways.
They will be geared to making us express how we lack contentment with one system of government or another.
We have a God who longs to answer prayer; a God who listens to our words and answers them; a God who knows our thoughts and answers the prayers that we cannot express in words; a God whose ability to answer prayer is not limited by the finite, but who can do infinitely more abundantly above all that we can ask for or think of asking.
He didn't hesitate and say ‘I'll have to ask God about that’; in the few seconds that it took her to express her need, Elisha knew what to say to her.
Most respondents said they felt secure and expressed a good deal of confidence that we would act calmly in an incident.
I have written to those employees previously covered by the link explaining the reasons, and expressing my regret that we were unable to take this important step with union support,’ he added.
Staff Side chairman Paul Forster has expressed union concern at the decision ‘to break the agreements with staff on pay and conditions in the face of strong opposition by employees.’
I would like to express my appreciation to all who have worked so hard.
LASMO social co-ordinator Hetty Rasjid expressed her thanks to all those who helped organise the donation, collection and forwarding to the victims of the Flores disaster.
Ernst & Young have expressed their willingness to continue in office as auditors and resolutions proposing their reappointment, and authorising the directors to fix their remuneration, will be submitted at the Annual General Meeting.
Critical comment of the content — expressed by, at most, one per cent of respondents — includes ‘Only has good news, ignores the harsh realities’ and ‘too much about people I ‘d never heard of’.
AMERICAN EXPRESS GOLD CARDS
An exclusive charge card for those with an annual income of over £25,000, which combines the comprehensive banking facilities of The Royal Bank Of Scotland with the financial flexibility of American Express.
Several staff have expressed concern about the high level of workplace stress they feel exists in some sections of the Library.
Several other libraries have expressed strong interest, and she confidently expects that other subscribers will shortly follow Aberdeen's innovative lead.
In a paper to the 1993 ARCOM conference my colleague Margaret Hawke will be reflecting on how we perpetuate mistrust through the culture we express in the industry press.
May I express our disappointment at the last minute postponement of the carefully planned visit of Anne-Marie de Jonghe to Wales.
Nonetheless, we wrote to Ms de Jonghe's boss, Mr Jankovski, expressing our disappointment and extending a further invitation to him or a representative to attend a meeting in July.
We wish to express concern about the above scheme which does not seem to be compatible with the environmental principles adopted by the European Community over recent years.
I have also enclosed an interesting article by David Wilkinson of IEEP, expressing views with which we strongly concur.
This column appears on page two of each edition, and allows the author considerable freedom to express his/her ideas, opinions and reflections.
However, I remembered that COED CYMRU had expressed an interest in sponsoring a supplement and I have ‘sold’ the idea to its national co-ordinator, David Jenkins.
As a result, CPRW's branches are actively involved in influencing the objectives and performance of the County and District planning system, and regularly express their views on the orientation of plans or the merits of individual applications.
Having travelled the ‘road from revolutionary elitism to proletarian populism’, James' American sojourn was about to come to an end but, before it did, he would write ‘Mariners, Renegades and Castaways’ in which he expressed his poetic view of the world through an interpretation of the works of Herman Melville.
He had been accused of being a Communist he said, simply because he had expressed democratic and nationalist sentiments in his book, ‘The Negro in the Caribbean’.
We would like to see this commitment more clearly expressed in MPG6.
As a result, we do not share the optimism expressed in the Policy Issues Paper that the policies proposed in MPG6 to encourage greater efficiency, increased recycling, use of waste, and a shift in the pattern of supply, will achieve those goals in sufficient degree to ‘bear down on demand and make important contributions to minimising the extent of extraction needed to provide a steady and adequate supply of aggregates for the construction industry’(PIP, 6.23).
We urge you to make immediate representations to him, and to the Secretary of State for the Environment, expressing opposition to the impact their plans will have on your constituents and the environment.
We urge you to make immediate representations to him, and to the Secretary of State for the Environment, expressing opposition to the impact their plans will have on your constituents and the environment.
We would like to see this commitment more clearly expressed in MPG6.
As a result, we do not share the optimism expressed in the Policy Issues Paper that the policies proposed in MPG6 to encourage greater efficiency, increased recycling, use of waste, and a shift in the pattern of supply, will achieve those goals in sufficient degree to ‘bear down on demand and make important contributions to minimising the extent of extraction needed to provide a steady and adequate supply of aggregates for the construction industry’(PIP, 6.23).
As environmentalists pointed out at the time of the Shetlands disaster, there is a degree of hypocrisy in expressing outrage at the spillage when such accidents are the price we seem prepared to pay for access to oil.
We have expressed our wish to the council that we would like to be consulted over the detailed implementation of the conditions and sincerely hope that we will be allowed to play a constructive part in this process.
Members from both sections have expressed a desire to hold a disco in the Village Hall.
Pavement widening at Juniper Green Dissatisfaction expressed by Dr. Neil and Scott and Councillor Mrs. Brereton.
Two senior boys have expressed an interest in attending a course to enable them to participate more in the running of the club [the J.G.V.A. has agreed to pay their fees]a volunteer Diane Prior has joined the staff, Laura Brown has been given a date for mini bus driving test, two staff members have attended a Youth Work Conference for South West Edinburgh — G. Lightheart has ordered new equipment.
Thanks were expressed to all members of committee for their help and support during the year with special thanks to the new members who had fitted in so well and had been willing to get involved in all the work of the committee…to the ex-officio members of the committee Councillor Mrs. B. Brereton, Councillor H.D.G. Fraser and G. Lightheart the community education officer.
The chairman expressed the thanks of the meeting.
Woodhall Terrace, Woodhall Drive, Baberton Avenue etc, and the areas concerned have expressed an interest.
This is being expressed by the current programme of cycle track construction on its disused railways and adoption of the strategies set out in the Lothian Cycle Route Project Report as the basis for the development of cycle facilities in Lothian.
Only 15% of submissions expressed a view on any of the four options for single tier councils put forward.’
When asked at what level unitary authorities should be created, the results were evenly split: around half the sample favoured them at broadly district level while the other half preferred regional level or expressed no preference.
In a letter to staff he said: ‘I have to express my disappointment at the proposed changes.
It also exists for you to express your views.
We would take this opportunity to express our wish for continued cooperation and communication between management and staff and welcome this news sheet as a vehicle for this.
The emphasis is placed upon the use of personal and professional skills, and taking all possible steps to protect staff in situations where physical or verbally expressed aggression is likely to arise.
A sense of serious personal loss of self-worth and integrity (invasion of personal space) is certainly involved, and might be expressed by illness, depression, absenteeism, being touchy and impatient or withdrawn with clients or colleagues or by some other change in the worker's usual pattern of behaviour.
The primary purpose is to express concern for the individual involved and to give them a listening ear.
By contrast he expressed respect for Vorster's policies.
We're going to see a musical called ‘Crazy for You’ which has had exceptionally good reviews, then a separate room in a restaurant has been booked — a sort of glorified Pizza Express so, thankfully, not to expensive (for Central London anyway).
If you would like to express some views on a piece of paper, Please write it to your Scottish penpal!
Erm and if it's expressed as a number of factors,
Because of this, Blanc expresses a real empathy with the average cook at home.
‘More effort should be made to encourage and support women to express their own milk and greater cooperation is needed between midwives, NCT breastfeeding counsellors and special-care staff to help mothers succeed.’
The opinion was strongly expressed that Halling was the best point at which to build it and a committee was appointed.
He expressed at once his sorrow for my father's death.
Some were castrated, although this was against Menelik's express orders.
When I expressed my appreciation of the honour he had done me by inviting me to his coronation, he replied that as the eldest son of his trusted friend, to whom he owed so much, it was proper that I should be present.
Omar expressed anxiety that we might be attacked as we withdrew from Bahdu, but Ali Wali guaranteed our safety.
John Blackwall now reappears, five years after first expressing his interest in working Sir Daniel's mines.
Taylor expressed his surprise; was Jackson not aware that in the district in which these persons derived their experience, there was little, if any, knowledge of mines worked under day levels or of what takes place in them when they are drained to considerable depths by machinery?
There was some doubt expressed about the vulnerability of their GRP construction by some diehards in our service (myself included), but time was to prove that our doubts were unfounded.
This is one of the cases in which the need to express something in definite terms can deflate the argument.
In Freud's idiom, the obstacles are the concretisation of subconscious urges that we cannot — or dare not — express.
There is no limit to the wants we can express in language and hence we may well set up problems that are impossible to solve because they require the resolution of contradictions.
The concepts expressed in the plan may not yet exist in the organisation.
Sometimes priorities can be expressed in absolute terms but at other times absolutes are impossible.
selective listening means focusing your attention on one particular feature at a time, such as intonation patterns, rhythm, sentence stress, abbreviations, specific morphemes or constructions, specific works or phrases, ways of hesitating, ways in which an audience accompanies a speaker, expressing agreement or disapproval.
The intellectual influence of the barbarians was, however, felt in the Hellenistic world only to the extent to which they were capable of expressing themselves in Greek.
Doubts have repeatedly been expressed on the authenticity of Nasica's speech in the Roman Senate to support this point of view.
An inscription of Cos (Syll. 398) expresses the spontaneous enthusiasm of the inhabitants of this island on learning the news of the Gallic retreat from Delphi in 278; that was a day of victory and salvation for the whole Greek world.
Figurative arts, even more than poetry, expressed the mixed feelings of elation over past victories and fear of future incursions which the Celts inspired.
It is furthermore clear that when he expressed a favourable judgement on the Romanization of Spain and Gaul he was not copying what his most recent editor, F. Lasserre, has imagined to be a panegyric of Augustus.
Perhaps the dead body of the loved one expresses all the pathos of this absence, the helplessness of being watched, and not knowing Actors are paid to pretend that they are unaware of being watched, but they of course rely on the collusion of the watcher, and nearly always get it.
The pain which is manifest in all the muscles and sinews of the body…does not express itself with any violence either in the face or in the position as a whole.
Furthermore, the new notions about antiquity that he was professionally concerned to propagate would very likely be conceived without reference to that modern world and expressed in such dauntingly esoteric form, with such a massive presupposition of specialist information, as to repel the amateur, however willing.
In addition, we can point to certain temperamental facts: most obviously, the youthfully ardent seriousness; then the self-consciousness of the gifted and isolated individual — a consciousness of his own giftedness, one might add, which shades into a growing concern with the problems surrounding genius as such, and which helps to intensify an already strong impulse to express himself articulately in writing; and, finally, a compulsion to relate his music, his philosophy- his Greece to each other .
It was not just the love for the Greeks that he acknowledged later, although certainly that was already present: an auto biographical essay of 1864, for instance, expresses in warm tones his feeling  for Greek poetry, including Sophocles and Aeschylus, and for Plato.
In view of the terms in which he was later to express his enthusiasm for Wagner, it is interesting to note what it was that first seriously attracted him: nor the morbid metaphysical-flavoured world of romance, the hypnotic emotional intensity and musical "modernity" of Tristan, representing at the time, the high point of Wagner's most distinctive line of development; nor indeed the available parts of the similarly "modern" , but emotionally more robust, Ring; rather, the musically "reactionary" Meistersinger that deferred to traditional expectations of harmony, tonality and musical organization and depicted through the medium of "healthy" comic opera the successful struggle of artistic genius against stifling Hanslickian convention.
And so he can still express his aspiration towards that "wholeness" in terms of a unifying Schopenhauerianism.
In September 1869 he writes: "I really do stand now at a centre from which Schopenhauerian threads reach out into all parts of the world" ; and it was in April, on th eve of his departure for Basle, that he had expressed the ambition to infuse his own philological discipline with"that Schopenhauerian seriousness…;
But when the time comes, I shall express myself with as much seriousness and freedom of mind as possible.
When first setting out for Basle, he had expressed the conviction that his grasp of life's "true and essential problems" was already strong enough to meet the threat to his "philosophic sense" posed by academic specialization.
For his own successor he suggested Rohde, "the ablest of all the younger philologists I have known" , and with a disarming naivety he added: "I cannot express how profoundly my life here in Basle would be alleviated by the presence of my best friend."
For Schopenhauer, valuable as all the arts were, music was the art which uniquely penetrated the depths of metaphysical reality and expressed the essence of that reality, the will, directly: "the composer reveals the innermost nature of the world and expresses the deepest wisdom in a language which his rational faculty does not understand" , Words, on the other hand, like the instruments of reason that they are, could only intrude from the secondary world of physical phenomena, with which true music was not concerned.
The function of music now was to express pure feeling on an ideal, unverbalizable, metaphysical level (Schopenhauer's influence is plain); the task of the poetic word was to reinterpret that "feeling" in terms of "thought" and so help mediate the metaphysical world to an earth-bound, concept-bound audience.
Apollo is the bright sun-god, the symbol of all brightness, all appearance, all plastic energies that express themselves in individual shapes.
The Aeschylean Prometheus, however, expresses at the same time an Apolline demand for justice characteristic of his author.
For the post-Homeric Dionysiac movement that culminated in tragedy supplanted Olympianism to the extent of taking over epic mythology to express its own insights.
Where Dionysiac music expresses truth on a universal and metaphysical scale and engenders myth as the instance of that truth, the aim of the New Dithyrambic composers was to imitate particular phenomena (natural or human) in the manner of a tone-painting.
Only in this way can it express its unconscious conviction of "the relativity of time and the true, metaphysical meaning of life" .
The 1974 United Nations World Population Conference in Bucharest expressed a rather one-sided view on this question.
AGE —(duration of life at death, at birth of child, at delivery of fetus, at marriage or at another event) is the estimated or calculated interval between the date of birth and the date of occurrence of the event, expressed in completed units of time.
AGE-SPECIFIC RATES — The frequency of demographic events (live births, deaths, marriages, etc.) that occurred during one year in a population defined by age (usually one or five-year age groups) and also often by sex relative to the size of population of the given age or age group (and sex) relative to the mid-year size of the same population (expressed per 1,000 population).
Usually expressed as the ratio of fetal deaths; i.e. the number of fetal deaths per 1,000 live births.
Thus, the B value expresses the change in the mean of Y (the dependent variable) per unit change in the X (independent variable).
If maternal deaths are related to the total population, they result in cause-specific mortality rate (generally expressed per 100,000 population).
However, case  fatality rates (i.e. the proportion of fatal cases among the reported cases of a disease) express more clearly the severity of a cause of death; therefore, in order to approximate case fatality, maternal deaths are usually related to live births (see maternal mortality rate) or, less frequently (since reliable data are seldom available), to pregnancies.
Edward had no idea of how to express himself in that way.
Willis had noticed Woodie's return, and could be seen gesturing behind the window of the deckhouse, expressing joy, pointing him out to Janet, and waving to him to come on in.
In addition, concern about the ability or more importantly, the need for library patrons to handle Boolean logic has also been expressed.
In the subject searching studies at traditional catalogues, users have expressed their apparent information need in a concise manner, on average in 2.5 words.
Searchers not only express their subject needs in brief and concise terms but also tend to use a broad search formulation to access the bibliographic tool, i.e., broader than their expressed topic.
Although the user query as it is expressed may be considered as the start of the information-seeking activity, it stems from a more complex background.
Acceleration may be similarly described as if the velocity is expressed in material coordinates or as if the spatial form is used.
It is frequently convenient to express functions of the strain tensors in terms of invariant quantities, that is, combinations of the individual components of the strain tensor which do not change their functional form under a change of axes.
Now in modern mathematical terms a dependence of stress on strain history (and vice versa) is expressed by the use of functionals.
Expressing the above statement in terms of functionals we have where is some functional to be determined.
The general form is Under certain conditions it is possible to show that any functional y may be expressed in the form (Frechet 1910).
Bernstein, Kearsley & Zapas (1963) started by recognizing that theories of viscoelastic materials related the history of stress at a material point to the history of the deformation gradients at that point, the stress history being expressed as a functional of the deformation-gradient history.
The symmetry of a fabric or texture is defined statistically by Sander and expressed in term of point group symmetry because translational symmetry is absent in petrology.
To express this in another way, consider the "representative volume" illustrated in Figure 4.1.
The strain energy can be expressed as a scalar product of the two 9-vectors Consider any volume of the mixture, subjected to prescribed surface displacements of the kind that would produce a uniform strain in a homogeneous material.
(That is, a form expressed as a sum of squares of independent linear combinations of the components of average strain.
The values of — and — may be expressed as integrals of the field due to a point force in the comparison material and in certain cases these may be evaluated.
They are derived from a model consisting of a random assemblage of composite cylinders (Hashin & Rosen 1964) and expressed in terms of the axial Young's modulus , Poisson's ratio for uniaxial stress in the fibre direction the transverse plane strain bulk modulus , the axial shear modulus and the transverse shear modulus where and where c = concentration of fibres.
They are identical to those for when expressed in terms of the fourth rank tensors but
(1976) have given expressions for the stiffness tensors for various fibre orientations using a different formalism from ours in which orientation functions and are used and the various integrals in sines and cosines expressed in terms of these.
The relations between forces and displacements may then be expressed in matrix form and, using modern computers, many practical elastic and other problems may be solved by manipulation of this matrix.
1 The prominence, expressed by means of stress or intonation, which is given to a syllable.
These are languages in which simple words and elements can be combined to express compound ideas.
Contrast of ideas vividly expressed: Give me liberty or give me death!
The speaker expresses this by intonation rather than by words.
The student may seek escape in passivity and make only perfunctory efforts to learn the target language; or he may express antagonism by making no effort to adopt the correct pronunciation or by a deliberate use of native language patterns in the target language.
The aims for student performance expressed in terms of mastery of specific elements of the target language.
The form of a noun, pronoun or adjective which in inflected languages expresses its relation to other words in a sentence.
Cohesion is expressed partly through the grammar and partly through the vocabulary.
This is most usually expressed by means of a subordinate adverbial clause, with although, however, even so, etc: Although we won the war, some say we lost the peace.
There are three main sentence patterns for expressing condition in English.
This expresses a fact, idea or intention which will be realised if a certain condition is fulfilled.
In this pattern a hypothetical condition in the past is expressed.
It is also possible to express condition through subject-verb inversion in rather more formal or literary style: Had I had enough money I would have bought a new car.
A situation in which speakers of a dialect, or non-standard English, are able to express themselves in Standard English in order to cope with social situations, improve their position in society, and operate successfully in the business world.
A suffix added to a noun or form of a noun that expresses the idea of a smaller form of the person, animal or thing referred to: duck — duckling, cigar — cigarette.
A diminutive form of a name can also express affection or familiarity: John — Johnny, Elizabeth — Liz, or Betty.
Basic English has been criticised particularly because the limited vocabulary leads to circumlocution in order to express often quite simple concepts.
Nevertheless, the speaker is able to express himself in a limited fashion.
An adjective or descriptive phrase expressing some quality or attribute: William the Conqueror, the Virgin Queen.
A swear-word; word without semantic meaning, expressing an emotion, eg ah! phew! damn!
For example, when we speak we tend to express ourselves in short sentences — more"full stops’— but in the written language the same ideas are more usually expressed in longer sentences — more commas — and the style and the choice of words will not always be the same.
He needs to be able to exchange ideas, express moods and emotions.
For instance, the past tense of regular verbs is expressed by adding -d or -ed to the infinitive.
This information can be represented in a tree diagram: Such an analysis becomes generative when it is expressed in the form of rules.
The analysis above could be expressed in the following rules: In these rules the arrow means written as.
The usual method of expressing habitual actions is by using the present simple tense: Water boils at 100 degrees Centigrade.
When used with always and never, the present continuous can also express habitual action: He's always forgetting to water the house plants.
In the past, habit is expressed by used to or, when a number of habits are referred to, would may be used: I used to walk three miles to school (every morning) when I was a child; He would wake up at about 6.30.
A single word which expresses a whole phrase or combination of ideas.
The form of the verb and sentence which express commands.
Of a person not speaking distinctly or not being able to express himself clearly and fluently.
Expressing the beginning of an action or state; in grammar, inchoative verbs do this: get dark, fall ill.
7 As an adjunct expressing purpose: They've come here to work.
This is found as an adjunct to a verb (to express purpose), to an adjective or to a noun: He went to find his coat (verb); He is quick to see his mistakes (adj); There's a house to let in Pond St (noun).
When speaking the drill sentence, equal attention should be paid to the verbal context and to the attitude expressed.
It is governed by discoverable mechanical laws which can be expressed in mathematical and chemical formulae.
There are all sorts of ways in which this correct/incorrect distinction may be expressed but I suspect that one of these is always geometrical.
But the relationships thus expressed are multifaceted; they stretch outward through the whole society, they are not simply domestic.
The crucial point is that, in most cases, group identity is expressed by the people concerned in the language of kinship.
But since the actors concerned are ordinary members of the community, who probably conceive of themselves not only as kinsmen to one another but also as kinsmen of the supernatural beings whose mythology is being enacted, it once again becomes crucial that the investigator should fully understand the nuances of the kinship language in which the multifaceted relationships between the living and the dead are being expressed.
Part of the fieldworker's problem is to discover how this abstract schema is expressed in the verbal statements by which his informants describe their cosmology.
Throughout my last chapter I kept on emphasizing that the task of the social anthropologist in the field is not simply to observe the details of customary behaviour but to note how this behaviour serves to "express relationships" .
The reciprocal/ complementary behaviours of the two individuals "A" and "B" , in their interactions with one another, may be said to symbolize or express the relationship between them.
Each mode of expressing a particular relationship is metaphoric of all the others.
In such circumstances the use of kinship language to express all kinds of relationship, which is what anthropologists have now come to expect, clearly makes a lot of sense.
As an Englishman I express my subordination to the political authority under which I live by paying a certain fraction of my money income to the appropriate official.
But if money payments are being used to express the quality of a relationship, the symbolic possibilities are rather limited.
But as we saw earlier, the fact that a gift expresses a relationship (as a symbol) does not necessarily imply that it is not also of great economic importance for the parties concerned.
There is also the supplementary point that very commonly the "web-groups that are thus linked together treat their solidarity as deriving from common substance, in contrast to the alliances, which link" we "and" they", which rest on obligations periodically expressed in gift-giving and services.
We are concerned with the quality of relationships as expressed by contrasts rather than with a direct concordance of ethnographic fact.
As a 1933 graduate of Bristol University, I would like to express my gratitude at being remembered in 1991.
The visitors expressed a desire to see the farther end of the garden.
To those readers who have already contributed to it, the Foundation again expresses its gratitude.
The BA intends to write to MPs and peers to express its concern, and will ask members to lobby their local MPs and warn customers of the VAT threat.
The Library Association has also expressed concern.
He pointed out that a number of companies, with more money behind them than his own, had recently expressed interest in expanding — notably Volume One, Zachary Kwintner's Discount Book Company, Hammicks and Ottakars — and that the Book Bargains Ltd shops were all in ‘super locations’.
And Terry Maher was also upbeat, predicting that publishing would ‘slowly become a little more efficient and a little more commercial’(and, of course, that the Net Book Agreement would receive further setbacks in the year), although he expressed worry about VAT being imposed on books.
And I think it's worth s er reading out that the Civic Society have asked er Betty in Arundel to write to us in order to express their appreciation of the work that's been carried out in the church free car park.
And much of the concerns that we've been able to express about the Health Service has been as a direct consequence of us having information as to for example the numbers of bed closures, as for example the numbers of people on waiting lists.
But the reason I'm here is just to express solidarity with the campaign that you're continuing.
this is express or custom.
Erm, so I'd go for express.
Great, okay, we'll hav let's have a go at express.
So yeah go for express, you can always try custom later.
A. M. Clark (1970), reviewing the genera using these characters, proposed a linear          formula to express the occurrence of the oral papillae.
The boy's unfortunately unsober condition and his inadequate ability to express himself had clearly made for confusion.
Surprise was also expressed at the speed with which the results of the exercise were available.
This is essentially what has been done at Foster Wheeler over the past six years, and the views expressed in this paper arise largely from reflecting on the experiences of that project.
The British government appeared to be in no hurry to decide the date of the election, but impatience was sometimes expressed in Northern Ireland.
It was part of the general understanding that supporters would be asked to express preferences for all the UUUC candidates in any one constituency.
It was noticeable that there was a willingness on the part of quite a number of voters to express as many preferences as there were candidates and the comment was sometimes made that while it was not too difficult to decide which candidates should be given first and early preferences and which candidates should be given last and later preferences it was less easy to decide the order of preference in which the middle range of candidates should be placed.
It is impossible for the voter to know in advance whether it is his ballot paper which is going to contribute to the result of the election in this way but if voters do not express enough preferences then there is a risk that at some stage in the count their vote will become non-transferable and therefore exercise no further influence upon the result.
Similarly, if some voters restrict the number of preferences they express, this gives greater influence to those voters who do not restrict their preferences and this tendency may be more marked in one party than another, and thus affect proportionality.
Though misgivings had been expressed regarding the possibility of a low turnout, in fact the percentage of votes cast fell from 72% in 1973 to 66% in 1975.
Although the turnout was lower those who cast valid votes seemed to be slightly more inclined in this election to express preferences further down the list of candidates than they were in 1973.
The numbers of seats secured approximated to the quotas of first preference votes expressed and the only exception to this was the special case of North Down (see below).
This means that a surplus of 38 votes can only be transferred if there are 3,800 voting papers or fewer which have expressed on them subsequent preferences for continuing candidates .
As in Belfast East it is possible that voters themselves, as well as party managers, may have strong opinions as to how their preferences should be expressed.
Or "love expressed in service" .
Like mothers the world over Mrs Burrows must have watched and pondered, and wondered just what God's plan for her offspring would be, but she never expressed any doubts.
The overseas staff found the outpouring of resentment against the whites and the sense of disadvantage the Africans expressed hard to handle.
She kept looking at him, and he kept trying to hide what he felt, but when they danced together, holding each other, he kept wanting to stop and just stand there, mouth hanging open; express through sheer immobility something he possessed no dynamic for, To touch her, hold her, smell her.
He didn't always express himself perfectly, he would be the first to admit that, but it wasn't what you said, it was the way you said it.
Perpetually subdued by the rigours of behaviour, and almost unable to express himself outside the vernaculars of Hunting, Racing, Shooting, Fishing and Cricket, he had never been able to make his case against Nico: "Awful, awful" was the best he could do.
To earn her displeasure was to forgo all delight; through the days Nicandra devised love tokens, as much to stimulate interest towards herself as to express her deep affection.
She had no words in which to express her present distaste for the idea.
Outside, on the mean sweep of gravel, she could see Lal's sleek expensive car overwhelming the place, expressing money in every line, expressing all that Nicandra could not give.
This set me thinking on the themes that are expressed in this book.
It is both easy and tempting (and very much in line with the other ideas expressed in this book) to adopt a neocatastrophist attitude to the fossil record.
I am now very much of the opinion that most evolution proceeds by sudden short steps or quanta as brilliantly expressed in recent years by Stephen Could.
As he expressed it: "The history of evolution is not one of stately unfolding, but a story of homeostatic equilibria, rarely disturbed by rapid events of speciation" .
The opposing attitude was perhaps best expressed by the great French naturalist, the Comte de Buffon, back in the eighteenth century.
This is expressed diagrammatically in figure 6.1.
It may be expressed as a correlation of the degrees of "marine-ness" .
The main and very unsatisfying conclusion that I have reached may he expressed in the title I sometimes give to a lecture on the subject: "There's something damn funny about the stratigraphical record" .
A highly over-simplified picture of the way sediments accumulate for the future stratigrapher is expressed in strip cartoon form in figure 8.1.
The Caledonian orogeny in reaching its climax at the end of Silurian times, expressed itself along the same Taconian lines and along the lines that were, much later, to be the Atlantic Ocean.
This point was well expressed by the great Arkell shortly before he died.
The step length can be simply expressed in terms of the numbers of phases and rotor teeth.
The system therefore overshoots the target and the amplitude of this first overshoot is expressed as a percentage of the total step, giving the overshoot.
In terms of these parameters the drag torque (T) can be expressed in terms of the difference between housing and rotor  velocities: where 8 is the instantaneous position of the motor/load/housing and 8 is the damper inertia position.
The flux linking phases A and B of a motor with p rotor teeth can be expressed as: where M is the maximum flux linking each winding.
The fundamental components of phase voltage can be written as: The instantaneous voltages and currents in phase A are related by the equation: The fundamental current component in phase A can be expressed as where a is a phase angle.
The pull-out torque at low speeds can be expressed in terms of the peak static torque using the methods described in Section 4.2.
The magnitude of this contribution can be calculated for any excitation scheme by expressing the current components in terms of the rated winding current using a Fourier analysis of the waveform.
(5.34) may be expressed in terms of D: If the overdrive is large the phase current is established more quickly and higher operating speeds are possible.
This torque overcomes the load torque and accelerates the system inertia or, expressed algebraically: For a motor with n phases and p rotor teeth the step length is and so the stepping rate is related to the rotor velocity by: Substituting Eqn.
The motor control routine shown in Fig. 8.3 is entered with the number of steps loaded into accumulator A (if the number of steps cannot be expressed within the   confines of an eight.bit word corresponding to 256 steps the routine must be executed several times) and the index register X pointing at a location in the list between ENDLOW and ENDHI.
The next three classes beneath the  class — the Sahn, the  and the  — also may choose kadiliks or the next higher rank of medrese, but in these cases the option of choosing a kadilik is expressed in variants of the following phrase: "if [the muderrises]become poor and choose office [as kadi]…" , the implication of which is that they would not otherwise do so.
On Molla Fenari's going blind, Haci Ivaz  expressed the hope that he might be able to pray over Molla Fenari's corpse.
When Molla Fenari heard of this he, in his turn, expressed the hope that he might be cured, that Haci Ivan might be blinded, and that he, Molla Fenari, might pray over Haci Ivaz's corpse.
If the capital stock K is fully utilized, and the capital/output ratio v is a constant, then net investment (I) can be expressed in the following way: where Y is output and t and t-1 are time periods.
The phrase ‘peace dividend’(see Johnson, 1990b) has been coined to express the hope that a new era of disarmament and detente will result in major savings in defence expenditure.
These are a compulsory levy on employers, employees and the self-employed, expressed as a fixed percentage of total earnings, and paid directly to the Exchequer (shown under the ‘Social Security receipts’ heading).
A specific tax is expressed as an absolute sum of money per unit of the good.
Tax revenue was found to reach a peak at around a 60% ‘composite tax rate’, i.e. one which includes both direct and indirect taxes, as well as various social security payments, all expressed as a percentage of GDP.
Second, on a ‘poundage’ expressed as ‘so many pence in the pound’.
In other words, the Community Charge (or poll tax) was a personal tax assessed on each adult and expressed in the form of a lump-sum payment per year.
Of those questioned, 60% of those who expressed a definite view felt that cost was the greatest problem.
‘Where a right, duty or liability would arise under a contract of sale of goods by implication of law, it may (subject to the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977) be negatived or varied by express agreement, or by the course of dealing between the parties, or by such usage as binds both parties to the contract.’
It was held that a  clause excluding all ‘implied conditions and warranties’ did not exclude the seller's liability for breach of the express condition that he would supply a ‘new’car.
A further illustration is to be found in Wallis & Wells v. Pratt and Haynes (1911 H.L.) where the House of Lords held that the clause ‘Sellers give no warranty, express or implied’ did not exclude conditions.
That question can be answered only by examining the express and implied terms of the contract, including those implied by the Sale of Goods Act.
‘(1) Whether it is for the buyer to take possession of the goods or for the seller to send them to the buyer is a question depending in each case on the contract, express or implied, between the parties.
(2) Apart from any such contract, express or implied, the place of delivery is the seller's place of business, if he has one, and if not, his residence: except that, if the contract is for the sale of specific goods, which to the knowledge of the parties when the contract is made are in some other place, then that place is the place of delivery.’
Waiver of his lien by the seller may take the form of first an express agreement to forego the lien, or secondly an act clearly indicating an intention to forego it, or thirdly a wrongful act inconsistent with delivery to the buyer.
The bottles themselves were embossed variously with ‘C.W.S.,’‘Express,’‘Goodwins,’ etc.
Sometimes the fee he paid for joining was expressed to be payment for a consignment of the goods which the scheme was supposed to be marketing.
‘But civilisation has changed the ways in which he can express this instinct.
If you leave the boat, except in my company or with my express permission, you'll be breaking the law.
Mixing paints is not so far from the pre-Mendelian vision of heredity, and even today popular culture frequently expresses heredity in terms of a mixing of ‘bloods’.
The answer is almost too ludicrous to express.
This is the principle behind the commonly expressed half-truth that grass benefits by being grazed (or mown).
Doubts have been expressed, though, on this use of pottery distributions because the evidence can be interpreted in different ways and so care must be exercised in using these projections as indicators of market areas.
Traces of a rampart and a ditch have been identified by aerial photography and excavation in the north-eastern sector of the town, but doubt has been expressed as to their contemporaneity.
Various opinions have been expressed on the site of the latter.
These authorities suggest that a promise to pay money, or to do any other act, in a certain event but without any express or implied request to the promisee to bring about, or to promise to bring about, that event, is made without consideration.
It is then argued, that, this being so, there is no consideration for the agreement at all, and that it is an agreement for a voluntary gift on certain conditions; but, looking at the agreement, we find, not a mere proviso, but an express agreement by the plaintiff to pay £1 towards a certain ground-rent, which apparently has been for the first time apportioned, and to pay it to the defendant, who is, I presume, liable to the whole ground-rent.
expressed in the agreement?
What promise, express or implied, was made by the plaintiff?
Where the promise is the ‘best evidence’ it only expresses an implied promise (implied in the request).
But the promise in the present case must be taken to be, as in fact it was, express: and the question is, whether that fact will warrant the extension of the promise beyond that which would be implied by law; and whether the consideration, though insufficient to raise an implied promise, will nevertheless support an express one.
The cases in which it has been held that, under certain circumstances, a consideration insufficient to raise an implied promise will nevertheless support an express one, will be found collected and reviewed in the note (a) to Wennall v. Adney (3 Bos. & Pul.
If the precedent sale was at the request of the defendant, who later made the express promise of the guarantee, why should not the guarantee have been enforceable under Lampleigh v. Brathwait?
Where A demands money from B in retum for not disclosing B's wrongdoing, A will usually be guilty of blackmail contrary to section 21 of the Theft Act 1968 and, if ‘the offer’ constitutes a crime, it dearly cannot lead to a contract; but what if B, without any demand, express or implied by A, offers A money not to disclose B's wrongdoing, and A accepts?
In the former case there is no express threat of proceedings to be withdrawn if the defendant pays up promptly because he believes himself to be liable.
LORD TENTERDEN C.J.: Assuming that the offer to pay the six guineas without costs was evidence of an express promise by the defendant to pay that sum to the plaintiff as a compensation to him for his loss of time, still, if the defendant was not bound by law to pay that sum, the offer to do so not having been accepted will not avail the plaintiff.
This is a consideration averred in the declaration, and it  appears to me to be expressed in the letter, construed with the surrounding circumstances.
Marriage of the plaintiff at the testator's express request would be, no doubt, an ample consideration; but marriage of the plaintiff without the testator's request is no consideration to the testator.
Express request there was none.
He had no doubt that ‘Marriage of the plaintiff at the testator's express request would be…an ample consideration.’
Was there a request (express or implied) in the letter or not?
Of course, a demand may be implied as well as express; but, if there was no demand, could either case be explained on the ground of duress?
Accordingly, following the view of the majority in Ward v. Byham and of the whole court in Williams v. Williams and that of the Privy Council in Pao On v. Lau Yiu the present state of the law on this subject can be expressed in the following proposition:
Atlas Express Ltd. v. Kafko Ltd., below, p. 649.
Was the promise in Atlas Express Ltd. v. Kafko Ltd., below, p. 651, rightly held to be gratuitous?
without protest, the final instalment being expressed to be ‘in full and final settlement’— and the tanker was delivered on November 27, 1974.
I think this test is equally app]icable to the decision this court has to make whether a voidable contract has been affirmed or not and I have applied this test in reaching the conclusion I have just expressed.
I have founded my judgment upon the grounds which I have already expressed, but I do not wish to be understood as thereby negativing the proposition that a defence might be set up on the alternative basis mentioned by Willes J. In my opinion this appeal should be allowed.
I agree with the view expressed by Willes J. in Cook v. Lister.
And I am sure that Tilly and the staff would wish to join us in expressing their heartfelt relief.’
In his opinion, though it had never been openly expressed, she was little more than a flibbertigibbet whose thoughts rarely ranged further afield than the next gratification.
In addition other researchers (Raggatt and Weiner, 1985; Ribbins, 1985; Shipman, 1985) express the view that little is known about the initiation and progress of policy making in LEAs.
In all thirty-two different educators were interviewed in a manner which allowed respondents to express their own priorities within arts' INSET.
Only three respondents expressed reservations about the nature of HMI support and one must suppose that the  critiques of HMI practices in the formation of education opinion and the relevance of these criticisms to the concept of ‘broad and balanced’ are not widely known.
Disapproving comments, however, although only a minority view, were expressed with much greater emphasis:
Regrettably I have rarely seen this in the practices of arts teachers, even those who have expressed this as a crucial attribute of their work.
At primary level anxiety appeared even more intense, reflecting the concern expressed by Sharp and Dust (1987).
Another interesting, although minority, opinion was expressed by staff of an LEA which had decided not to participate in the SCDC Arts in Schools Project.
At one of the interviews where both an arts adviser and an administrator were present, differing views were expressed, but surprisingly, the ambiguity of this did not appear to be apparent to either interviewee.
The usage embodied in the first of these quotations is now well established in the literature, and the sentiments expressed in the second serve to remind us that the idea of the ultimately contingent nature of what is often taken to be ‘natural’ has a long and distinguished pedigree.
echoes similar sentiments expressed in the 1982 Gulbenkian Foundation report The Arts in Schools which emphasized arts education as provider of,
…is ‘flung’ into the car by her father (who is angry with Mrs Parton's concern for the safety of her many hatboxes), his anger is expressed as ‘Shut up you silly cow’
For, at one extreme, we have a description of that unique quality for which the arts, and the arts in education in particular here, are quite properly prized: namely their existence, according to Ross, as ‘special ways of knowing’, in which our ideas and feelings are expressed through an engagement with ‘sensuous forms’ using that form of direct symbolization identified by Langer, which, by definition, relies upon non-discursive forms of communication that by their very nature defy translation into words.
For instance, at ‘Pope John Paul’ the Head of Music expressed the strongly held view that he operates as a practitioner involved in education rather than the transmission of an established body of knowledge.
Visual art education has had a long tradition of emphasizing the practical, so it was not surprising to find similar sentiments being expressed by the visual art teachers interviewed.
Even more significantly this teacher goes on to express the view that this approach is not incompatible with the examination system, where in the context of the GCSE, the personal and professional experience the tutor has of each student's progress and development is counterpoised with the more objective and detached assessment of the external moderator.
This view was most strongly expressed in respect of music and drama.
…children find it easier to improvise , and therefore liberate themselves in terms of discovering and finding valuable ways of expressing what they want to say through sound, but also learning new skills through improvisation .
Some even expressed the view that, if examinations in the arts were removed, they would probably approach the subject in a similar fashion to that currently being used in the examination course.
In this final section I would like to attempt to answer some of the questions raised in the introduction, using the evidence of teachers' views expressed in the survey to support my argument.
Architecture and art are areas in which disorder may be deliberately generated by creating forms and relationships that have no precedent for the express purpose of attaining a new, higher level of orderliness.
In making a grid a portion of a construct system is expressed leaving traces of the ideas that have been brought to bear, perhaps even unknowingly.
‘What's he expressing?
But in the end she agreed to go with the Pitts to the local police station to express concern about the absentees.
And why not credit cards?— no, he couldn't quite see American Express listing her.
Some mathematics teachers express the view that there is no need to reconsider how we teach mathematics since, as it deals with universals, it is bound to be multicultural in that its abstract nature reaches across cultural divides.
Similar views are still expressed in many staffrooms.
The learning context demands that the children express prediction and uncertainties; they must make and test guesses and share them with those they are working with.
For example, Nobinul noticed that in all the notations we had collected, two digits were used to express ten.
This told us a lot about Parvin's ability to predict outcomes, to make and express judgements and to engage with a task, as well as her knowledge of concepts of size and measuring.
Also, we can often see that children can use concepts that they cannot yet express in English.
Many teachers express concern that even their more able pupils do not fulfil their potential in the subject.
Four teachers expressed fear of being thought ‘leftist’.
We have seen that caf can have several roles; to move toward it we must break away from keeping our learners straightjacketed in systems that do not allow them to express their individual needs and ideas.
Change in classroom practice is often talked about as if it were easy to effect and impatience expressed towards teachers who are unable to accomplish it overnight.
The stronger my control, the less opportunity for individuals to explore, to express their own ideas.
I did not venture to express my   opinion, fearing that my taste might have become corrupted by my long residence in the Indies; but since my companion had recently come from France, it was quite a relief to hear him say that he had seen nothing in Europe quite so bold and majestic.’
It is often the way with Mughal ruins: while the more primitive forts which preceded them still have an aura of power as they rise solid and impregnable from the burning plains, the silky refinement expressed in Mughal architecture turns, in decay, to something approaching seediness.
Some were travelling direct from Cowes, most were arriving from London by  railway express, and the remainder by carriage from their country houses.
The committee, as if for protection against the masses, elected to follow Auguste's example and had reserved a first-class railway compartment on the 10.45 express from Victoria.
He hoped he was expressing the Bishop's sentiments.
The successful revolt of 1746, for example, which expelled an Austrian garrison from Genoa, expressed a powerful urban patriotism which drew strength from the city's long republican tradition.
In small States it was often possible for the ruler to express very effectively by his own actions this paternalist view and to have some more or less personal contact with an appreciable fraction of his subjects.
Yet it is important to realise that in the last decades of the old régime in France the parlements were often expressing more or less accurately what public opinion there was on the issues at stake, and that they had frequently widespread popular support for their attitudes.
The belief, universal in the political thinking of the Enlightenment, that the best form of government is one in which the individual is subject to known and clearly expressed laws, ruled out the arbitrary and uncontrolled ‘oriental despotism’ which every thinker of the age agreed in rejecting.
This ideal was sometimes expressed by partisans of Enlightened Despotism with almost religious fervour.
From his Anti-Machiavel (1741) to his Essai sur les formes de gouvernement (1781) he expressed a view of monarchy which was utilitarian, secular, antidynastic and untraditional.
Moreover it is true that in one or two specific minor ways the express tried positively to limit serfdom — by ordering in 1781 that war prisoners were in future to become free men if they were converted to Orthodoxy; and by reducing the possibilities which had hitherto existed of enserfment by marriage.
It was his strongly expressed desire to annex the Grand Duchy of Tuscany to the hereditary provinces of the monarchy which at least in part prevented the putting into force there of the constitution of 1782.
They were expressing a point of view widespread among their contemporaries, at least in Western Europe, a feeling that for several generations warfare had been becoming steadily milder and its influence on the ordinary man more limited.
The report favours the setting of attainment targets for children at 7, 11 and 16 (though with some publicly expressed reservations by Sir John Kingman himself about whether English can be ‘mastered rung by rung’ as in climbing a ladder (Nash, 1988)), and spells out in some detail what these should be.
Overlapping membership and the inclusion in some membership figures of non-teaching members make it difficult to express union membership as a percentage of the teaching profession.
However, the DES has expressed a willingness to look sympathetically at limited transitional arrangements to help schools that enter the new system with serious inherited problems, such as buildings in a very poor state of repair.
Educational expenditure is often expressed in terms of the amount spent per pupil or student.
This figure is known as the ‘unit cost’, and is arrived at simply by dividing the total amount spent on a service (e.g. nursery schools) by the number of children using it (expressed as ‘full-time equivalents’, so that two part-time children would count as one full-time equivalent).
Notice also that we can express any class of asset as a proportion of total assets or liabilities and remember too that in section 1.1.5 we said that these ratios are arrived at as a matter of deliberate choice and are assumed to represent portfolio equilibrium.
In calculating a rate of interest, by contrast, we would normally express the reward as a proportion of the outlay, here 99,000.
This expresses the willingness of buyers of bills to hold the existing stock.
She wasn't used to expressing such volatility in front of anyone, and it confounded her how a total stranger, and a man she disliked into the bargain, was able to stir her to such an extent.
He paused, and she sensed that he was finding it difficult to express his thoughts.
‘Dana has had a slight accident,’ Roman said, his deep voice expressing his concern.
‘Local’ is a technical term used here to express the restriction to a region sufficiently small that the gravitational field is effectively uniform.
In shorthand this can be expressed as .
Therefore physical laws when expressed in terms of tensors will retain their form under these general transformations, in particular under changes to accelerating frames.
This can be expressed compactly as  where the Kronecker delta  is defined to be unity if α is equal to β but zero otherwise.
The local vectors discussed in Section 3.3 can be expressed in terms of a set of basis vectors , drawn along the local space–time coordinate directions at an event P. Here the subscript , indicates that this basis vector points in the µ direction.
All local four-vectors at the same event in space–time can be expressed in terms of the same set of basis vectors.
Next we shall show that any vector can be expressed in terms of either its vector or covector components.
In Chapter 5 we discovered that physical laws expressed as tensor equations automatically retain their form under general transformations.
Therefore a law valid in SR can be generalized to apply in any accelerating frame by expressing it in tensor form.
Most laws are already expressed in terms of vectors, which are tensors, and so this sounds as if the laws do not need any change!
It was expressed in a form consistent with SR in eqn (1.2), i.e.  where  is the four vector force.
Hence the procedure for converting an equation so that it becomes valid in accelerating frames can be expressed pithily as: ‘replace commas by semicolons’.
Expressed formally this requirement is  where the integrated path length is .
Then using eqn (7.4) this becomes, after rearrangement, which, being expressed entirely in terms of tensors, will hold true under general transformations of coordinates.
Conservation laws for energy and momentum take particularly simple forms when expressed in terms of the stress-energy tensor.
This last result can be expressed in a more compact form using the subscript comma notation for space–time derivatives:.
This momentum can be expressed in terms of a thermal energy kT at temperature T where k is the Boltzmann constant:.
Figure 10.4 shows the decay of the orbital period measured over more than a decade, expressed as phase-lag in seconds; the prediction from GR is indicated by the solid line.
She felt as if an express train were speeding towards her — but her feet were set in concrete and there was nothing she could do.
Expressed more sympathetically: hiding behind the anonymity of the common working man from a more celebrated but also more demanding life.
To those few students of Latin who express a particular interest.
Eliot that ‘to divert interest from the poet to the poetry is a laudable aim’(1972: 22), but that agreement is expressed in their work as a theoretical system and not just as an intellectual preference.
But for the New Critics art existed in order to convey a meaning, albeit a meaning that no logical discourse is capable of expressing, and attention to matters of form was regarded as the means whereby the non-rational meanings of literature could be uncovered.
It seems clear then that the Formalist position on all these issues (authors, reality and ideas) is not just an arbitrary preference, but that it stems from the concepts of defamiliarisation and literariness, whose differential basis will always serve to define literature in opposition to the things that it was traditionally viewed as expressing.
Words articulate our experience of things, they do not just express or reflect it; they give form to what, without language and other sign-systems, would merely be a chaotic and undifferentiated jumble of ideas; instead of things determining the meaning of words, words determine the meaning of things.
The focus on the addresser, for instance a speaker or an author, constitutes the emotive function, that of expressing the addresser's attitudes or feelings; the focus on the addressee or receiver, the conative function, that of influencing the feelings or attitudes of the addressee; the focus on the context, the real, external situation in which the message occurs, the referential function; the focus on the code, as when a message elucidates a point of grammar, the metalingual function; the focus on the means of contact, as in the case, say, of expressions inserted by one party into a telephone conversation simply in order to reassure the other party that they are both still on the line, the phatic function; the focus on the message itself, the poetic function.
It may be seen as expressing the personality of the author, in accordance with the famous formula of the French scholar Buffon (1978: xvii), that the style is the man (‘le style est l'homme même’); or it may be related to a literary movement or period (e.g. futurist style, baroque style).
Individual points about style are always made in the context of a discussion of the feelings, attitudes or ideas that the text as a whole expresses, a discussion which is inevitably to a large extent intuitive and impressionistic.
The most important of these points are three in number, and I have expressed them for the sake of clarity in less technical and exact terminology than Halliday uses.
For Richards the moment of poetic creation is characterized by an exceptional sensitivity or ‘vigilance’ towards the entire range of impulses relevant to the situation that is being expressed, and by the organization of these impulses into an ordered and harmonious whole.
The poem is defined, technically, as the ‘experience of the right kind of reader has when he peruses the verses’(Richards 1926: 10)), and the right kind of reader is the one who manages to recreate in himself more or less completely the collection of impulses which the poet expressed in the poem or, more exactly, the ‘relevant experience of the poet when contemplating the completed composition’(Richards 1967: 178).
This aspect of Richards's work is worth stressing, because it expresses a belief which is taken for granted by a great deal of literary scholarship and criticism, and which from a more modern point of view may well seem somewhat naive.
Good poetry objectifies feeling, expressing it indirectly through the description of things — through the ‘objective correlative’(Eliot, 1972: 145).
Tate was a fierce critic of the ‘cloistered historical scholarship of the graduate school’, with its positivistic assumption that the literary text ‘expresses its place and time, or the author's personality’ and nothing more (Tate 1959: 7 & 54).
This might seem at first sight to express the naive view that onomatopoeia and other kinds of sound symbolism constitute essential features of poetry, but Wimsatt's conception of the iconic function of language embraces a great deal more than this.
Brooks's may not necessarily be much better, but Spitzer's undoubtedly attributes a more prosaic kind of meaning to the text, which he sees as expressing an (unreconciled) opposition between the ‘archaeological message’ and the ‘aesthetic message’of the urn.
The contrast may therefore serve to illustrate one major merit of Brooks's criticism and of the New Criticism in general: their use of ideas such as irony may seem exaggerated and confusing, but it makes the important point that the meaning of poetry, though possibly analyzable, cannot be expressed properly in the form of a conventional prosaic statement.
Only then would he know whether the Chinaman's gesture expressed the utmost in humility, and  if so, whether this is marked in the depth or in the number of the bows.
Rather than expressing the individual reality of the speaker who happens to utter them, these ‘personal’ aspects of language testify to a certain self-consciousness or reflexivity within language itself.
The static, closed image of the literary text that goes with the concept of structure is replaced by a dynamic, open one which is expressed in concepts like play and practice.
This preference for speech tends to be based on a logocentric assumption that speech directly expresses a meaning or intention that its speaker ‘has in mind’.
The name of ‘Derrida’ has been used in such a way as to imply that it refers to a real person who has certain ideas and theories which he has expressed in various books and essays, and which this introduction has tried to repeat, treating them as signifieds that can be represented in a number of different forms.
What I have tried to say — namely that writing is not governed by the subjective intentions of its author, that ideas do not exist independently of the language which ‘expresses’ them — has (inevitably) been partially contradicted by the manner in which it has been said.
‘Mr Swinton is reticent about everything to do with the painting except to express his relief and delight at the perfect union of conception and execution.
‘So if Tomkiss and Wattling feel impelled to express their artistic bent in any form of…metalwork, it will  have to be, I fear, in their own time, and at their parents’ expense.
Frome has already expressed his willingness to help Mrs Crumwallis with the refreshments.
‘Poor little boy,’ he went on, with a conspicuous inability to express feeling.
He produced this piece of information with a certain dim self-satisfaction, as if it were a sort of moral American Express card.
‘I called him in, expressed my gratitude at his willingness to hold the fort in the boarding annexe, and then…offered him a sherry, if he should feel like it, later on.’
After that I felt free to express my anxieties more openly.
Title V rules out for ever a return to the alternative: a degree of foreign-policy alignment reflecting the reality of diverging national interests and a European Community whose members express their friendship and community of interests by cooperating through the most effective available means.
The first was the assumption that a ‘form of words’ which did not amend the text of the Treaty would be sufficient for the Danish Government to be able to claim that it had satisfied the wishes of the people as expressed in the referendum.
The evidence, as expressed in opinion polls held in Denmark since the referendum, is to the contrary; it shows that there has been a hardening of the ‘no’ vote.
This view has been expressed by, amongst others, the Member of the Folketing, Pia Kjaersgaard, leader of the progress party, which was one of the two in the Parliament to oppose the Maastricht Treaty.
In this, he had expressed his view of the appropriate approach to the impasse in Denmark thus: ‘…the Danish difficulties must still be overcome.
The British people have not been allowed to express their views through a referendum, although the trend in opinion as measured by opinion polls has been firmly against a Federalist structure.
What is more, there are many colleagues who did not sign the ‘Fresh Start’ Motion who have publicly expressed their reservations about developments in Europe.
I present below a short anthology of some of the views of  some present Conservative Members of the House of Commons as they have been expressed in Parliament.
Another senior Member of the Conservative party to have expressed his anxiety is the former vice-chairman, Sir Tom Arnold, Member for Hazel Grove.
On 4 September 1992 Ken Baker wrote in the Daily Express in advance of the French referendum, ‘Courage, mes braves, votez ‘non’.’
Second, I agree with the suggestion made by Martin Howe that there should be an express list laid down by national parliaments of protected matters which no Community law should be allowed to affect.
He was a great believer in expressing aggression, not bottling it up.
In those words Valerie Cass expressed everything she felt about the relationship between the sexes.
As she paused momentarily, pillaging her brain for a discreet way of expressing what was essentially indiscreet, he cut in again.
With a diplomatic smile, she expressed herself more subtly.
Then she peered at him over the barrier of her firmly folded arms and expressed a thought that had occurred to her before, but that now she felt impress itself on her even more strongly.
Five fundamental relationships were noted between concepts, and these relationships were expressed in terms of a series of relational operators.
An expressive notation expresses or displays the relationship structure of subjects within the scheme.
A true switching language would permit the translation of natural language concepts expressed in, say, German, into a classification notation; from that notation it would provide a natural language expression of those same concepts in, say, French.
Associate relationships are expressed by RT, for example,
First, note that the ‘reputation-commitment’ term  in (16) and (17) can be expressed entirely in terms of M, since substitution of equations (14) and (11) into this term yields  Substitution of (18) into the first order condition (16) yields  Now totally differentiate (19) with respect to w and M to obtain the slope of the union wage function (or ‘wage demand curve’) in (w, M) space.
Optimal output can be calculated for each subject and for each period on each repetition, as can optimal sales which can most conveniently be expressed as a proportion (always either 0 or 1) of total post-production stock.
In addition, we know that output is a decreasing function of time (to the horizon), so we can express the various comparative static predictions in the form:
I expressed a desire to enter the religious life and decided to come to England.’
To this Viola wrote a reply expressing lukewarm interest.
In academic terms he sensed the changes in the wind so well that he knew exactly when to stop dropping the name Marcuse and start  dropping the name Goldmann, when to switch from expressing genuine enthusiasm for Black Studies to expressing genuine enthusiasm for women's literature.
This conception was formulated by Max Weber, in Economy and Society (1921), though in a rather fragmentary manner, and was expressed also in his criticism of German politics in Parliament and Government in a Reconstructed Germany (1919).
It is a further consequence of this conception that democracy comes to be seen as a more or less perfected instrument which is susceptible to only minor technical improvements; and in this respect there is agreement with a second notion of democracy, elaborated mainly during the postwar decades, which was expressed by the term ‘stable democracy’.
Thus two stages of the movement can be distinguished: a stage of liberal democracy when a competitive political system was introduced alongside the market economy, and a stage of social democracy in which there is expressed the idea of the political dominance of the most numerous class — the working class — and of the transformation of the market economy into a socialist economy.
It is at this point that the second contradiction — between working class and bourgeoisie — which differs from the first in expressing an opposition of interests rather than an incompatibility of structures, assumes great importance.
Another foresees a more conservative role for the middle class, expressing itself in active opposition to socialism as a process of increasing public ownership or control of industry and expanding welfare services, and in a reassertion of the desirability of a more laissez-faire type of economy.
Such changes in social and political thought clearly have important consequences for the character and goals of political action in the late twentieth century, and their effects are reinforced by the emergence of new problems and new movements — concerned with such issues as the environment and the use of natural resources, and the subordination of women — which arguably have little connection with class politics; as well as by the renewed vigour of ethnic and national consciousness, expressed in independence movements of various kinds.
In large measure, the nineteenth-century labour movement could be regarded — and regarded itself — as a continuation of the democratic movement, this continuity being expressed even in the name ‘social democratic’ which was widely adopted by the political parties of the working class.
While they advocated and worked for such extensions of democracy the European social democratic parties, whether or not they claimed to be Marxist and revolutionary, were also, for the most part, firmly committed to political democracy in the narrower sense; and where the necessary conditions were present — the legal existence of socialist parties, elections conducted on the basis of (at least ) universal male suffrage, and participation in parliament and government — they made plain that although they did not renounce extra-parliamentary forms of  class action they envisaged the transition from capitalism to socialism as coming about through the will of a majority of citizens, clearly and publicly expressed in elections.
These issues were perhaps most thoroughly discussed, and the idea of a peaceful and democratic conquest of power by the working class most adequately expressed, by the Austrian Social Democratic Party, at its annual conferences and in the writings of its leading thinkers.
During the postwar period the idea of democracy also came to be expressed in new terms — differing profoundly from the restrictive meaning which Schumpeter, Weber and others had imparted to it through its association with the idea of citizenship.
The second major respect in which the assertion of the social rights of citizens has become more important is that it expresses the claims of very diverse groups in society to equal treatment, and at the same time broadens considerably the range of what are to be regarded as social rights.
Belonging to a movement is more a matter of sympathizing with a particular social outlook or doctrine, expressing it in everyday political debate and being ready to participate in occasional activities such as demonstrations or ‘riotous assemblies’.
In Marxist thought and practice this relation is posed as one between class and party, and it has been a matter of controversy since the end of the nineteenth century, expressed in the most diverse forms, extending from Michels' reflections upon the ‘iron law of oligarchy’ to Lenin's conception of the Bolshevik Party, theoretically elaborated by Lukács.
Stein's book may have influenced the initial formulation of Marx's conception of the proletariat in capitalist society (Avineri, 1972, pp. 53–5), but whether that is so or not it did undoubtedly express in a very clear and forceful way ideas which were widely held about the dominant political issues in nineteenth-century European societies; to such an extent that the social movement came to be largely identified, especially in Germany, with the labour movement.
The value of such studies is that they show plainly the ubiquity of popular political action, which may be diffuse, episodic, lacking any clearly formulated doctrine, or expressing itself mainly in religious or cultural terms, but always provides a matrix from which political organizations can emerge in favourable circumstances.
This idea of the innovative power of movements obviously owes a great deal to the events of the 1960s when there appeared quite suddenly large-scale movements expressing profound discontent with, and opposition to, the existing social and political order.
Frequently, they expressed a sympathy for guerrilla activities and direct action, without recognizing that successful guerrilla movements were either controlled by an organized and disciplined party (as in China) or turned themselves into a traditional type of party (as in Cuba) when it became necessary to consolidate their rule and implement their policies.
In those societies of the late twentieth century in which there exists at least a minimal freedom of expression and association social movements are a means by which members of society can express dissent and opposition in a direct and immediate way, and can challenge the indifference, remoteness or negligence of party machines.
The socialist conception of a party was very clearly expressed in the early development of the German Social Democratic Party (SDP).
A similar view of the importance of social movements is taken by Touraine (1973) in his account of the Popular Unity Government of Salvador Allende in Chile where, he argues, the activities and influence of a variety of movements within the governing coalition made it possible for the poor to express their grievances directly and continuously, instead of having them diverted (and perhaps stifled) in the official channels of a monolithic ruling party.
The first is that in which movements such as the democratic movement and the labour movement in Europe, the women's suffrage movement and independence movements in colonial territories at a later time, or present-day movements in autocratic states, provide the only effective means for expressing grievances and seeking to bring about political changes.
Other distinctions that were drawn — between democracy and absolutism, between monarchy and republic, between Western political institutions and ‘Oriental despotism’— expressed current political interests and ideological commitments; and indeed all the attempts to construct a typology of political systems are marked to some degree by an intermingling of scientific analysis and the value judgements which arise from real political struggles.
Nevertheless, in the course of the twentieth century, following the experience of various forms of dictatorship, some of which have developed from socialist revolutions, this distinction has been overlaid by another, between ‘totalitarianism’ and ‘democracy’, or as it is sometimes expressed, between one-party and multi-party systems.
Stateless societies are so constituted that the kaleidoscopic succession of concrete social situations provides the stimulus that motivates each individual to act for his own interest or for that of close kin and neighbours with whom he is so totally involved, in a manner which maintains the fabric of society…the lack of specialized roles and the resulting multiplex quality of social networks mean that neither economic nor political ends can be exclusively pursued by anyone to the detriment of society, because the ends are intertwined with each other and further channelled by ritual and controlled by the beliefs which ritual expresses.
Again, like Marx and the elite theorists he conceives the state largely, if not wholly, in terms of domination; and this ‘realist’ view distinguishes him sharply from those social scientists who, while differing about what the role of the state should be (how interventionist or laissez-faire), agree fundamentally in regarding it as an autonomous and neutral body, which arbitrates among competing claims and expresses the real consensus in society that underlies particular conflicts of interest.
Equally, however, they embody and express distinct cultural orientations, and like all ‘common locations in the social and historical process’ they have to be seen also in the context of cultural movements.
The framework in which political scientists usually consider these aspects of politics, employing the notions of ‘political culture’ and ‘political socialization’, is too narrow to encompass all the relevant phenomena, and it is more fruitful, I think, to start from the conception of ‘cultural reproduction’(Bourdieu and Passeron, 1977), which has the great merit of emphasizing that the ideas and values shaping political action are not necessarily expressed in an overtly political form, and of relating such ideas and values to the whole social structure.
In the modern democracies such gradual changes are partly institutionalized in the competition among political parties, and in the influence upon government of a variety of social movements and interest groups; and they are expressed, for the most part, in a continually revised and expanded body of legislation.
The proposition that ‘the history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles’ expresses only a partial truth, and the existence of ‘peoples’and ‘nations’, and the relations between them, constitute, I would argue, a largely independent basis for a political world view and political action, the effect of which is to limit the significance and the practical consequences of class membership.
He also expressed the fear, however, that the very widespread and intense national feeling which the war had revealed might lead in some circumstances to what he called ‘social imperialism’: the imperialism of a whole people.
But although socialist or liberal-reformist doctrines have had an important influence in some cases — in the Cuban Revolution, in the Popular Unity Government in Chile, and in the Peronist movement in Argentina — it is a conservative nationalism, expressed through military regimes, which has largely prevailed.
Conflict erupted between the Soviet Union and China, and inside the East European bloc, and even before the collapse of the communist regimes there were vigorous manifestations of nationalist feeling in those countries which included different national groups within their boundaries, whenever political conditions allowed it to be expressed.
Much of the criticism, however, is directed against the nationalism of the developing countries — against Arab, African or Latin American nationalism, for example— which challenges in various ways the dominance of the industrial capitalist nations; yet it is evident that nationalism is just as strong in the latter countries, though for good historical reasons (they are long established, accepted nation states) it may be less vehemently expressed.
Initially this oppositional thought was directed against the rationalism of the Enlightenment as it was expressed in the doctrines  of the French Revolution and in the practices of the developing capitalist economy; and in Germany especially, it was associated with the Romantic movement.
The oil-rich countries of the Middle East have, certainly, to use their available resources to bring about industrialization, but in many cases their major political problems result from the enormous internal inequalities of wealth, from their autocratic regimes, and from the growing opposition expressed by democratic and radical movements.
The significance of this opposition will be enhanced, I think, if the socialist movements of the future are able to express in a more precise, convincing and spirited way their conceptions of an alternative, viable economy and a new social order on a world scale, as a realistic ideal which can be gradually approached in ever-changing circumstances.
He would enjoy expressing himself to her.
Some of her ideas about sex and marriage seemed old-fashioned compared with various loudly expressed opinions she had heard from other nurses, and her steps towards the lighter side of life were still very tentative, as Deana's blunt accusations last week had shown her.
Hanging the dress carefully in the wardrobe, though, she did begin to feel excited about tomorrow, a bubbly sort of excitement that wanted to express itself in singing or laughter.
Depending on the form of government, the voters express their preferences with regard to public decisions.
At her side, introducing her to people, encouraging her to elaborate on some of her ideas for the future, Luke was urbane, expressing only suave approval, and no one could have guessed at the personal contempt he felt for her, not a hint of it — or anything else personal either — allowed to show through his sophisticated public manner.
His openly expressed scorn was all that had mattered, because, quite inexplicably, it had begun to hurt and humiliate.
Forbidden to express her love through tenderness, she compensated with a wild, lavish passion that seemed to draw Luke equally deeply into its extravagant madness.
The entreaty was breathless and she hesitated, trying to shape words with which to express the single, vital question suddenly hammering away at her mind.
There would be times for tenderness, and one such time came later, in the aftermath of passion enriched by the knowledge of love, a bonus as they lay touching each other languidly and lovingly, luxuriating in the freedom of being able to express their feelings in this alternative way, confidently but without urgency.
This point has been forcefully expressed by two of the leading proponents of rational expectations, Lucas and Sargent:
The author of what I later discovered to be a scholarly, if tendentious, account of us foreign policy since Korea, he expressed a fastidious regret for the instruments America had to work through but justified the excesses of the client governments by reference to the worse alternative of Marxist dictatorship.
‘Where did you find them?’ the American woman asked, expressing gracious interest.
She was perfectly genuine in her feelings but expressing them by playing a role — I think maybe Bette Davis nobly renouncing a married lover.
These express all the possible behaviors of attributes of molecules of the particular point group involved, and are collected in the character table.
The character is derived as the trace (sum of diagonal elements) of the transformation matrix that expresses the result of the operation on the motion represented by the arrows (see Appendix).
All the bands have now been assigned to symmetry species, and all we need to do to complete the assignment is to associate each band with a particular form of vibration, best expressed in terms of local motions such as Ge-H bond stretching.
These can be described by a series of complicated integrals, but the integrals have been expressed in terms of just three parameters, A, B and C, called Racah Parameters.
As with the free ion, the inter-electronic effects depend on a number of complicated integrals; these can be expressed in terms of Racah parameters, but B and C do not have the same values as they have for the free ion.
The correction factors derived empirically were expressed in graphical form (Fig. 3.4).
He expressed grain size such that where d is the grain diameter in millimetres.
An important difference between conventional statistics and statistics of grain size distributions is that in the former frequency is expressed as numbers whereas in the latter it is as weight percentage.
Expressed simply:
The porosity of a deposit is expressed as the percentage of voids in a given volume of rock.
Caution also has to be expressed where thin sections contain possible volcanic quartz grains; these can exhibit zonation and rounding which closely mimic quartz overgrowth cements.
For me, it was sufficient satisfaction that Eliot had approved my essay; that he considered it the best thing I had done; and that I had been one of the few to express opinions which had his total concurrence.
To our gratification, Blackwells, whom we had approached, expressed interest in the project, something we had not dared to expect.
I expressed the hope that one day he would include the piece in a volume or volumes of collected essays: a collection I still feel is very much needed.
In my letter to Eliot, enclosing my own article, I had expressed the hope that, in contrast to Rowse, who told me that he considered my letter ‘ineffective’, might approve of it.
For some reason the subject of Marianne Moore came up, and he expressed disappointment that the edition of her poems which Faber's had recently published had sold less well than expected.
Somehow we then got on to the theme of French poetry, and Eliot expressed surprise at one of Herbert Read's recent pronouncements on Laforgue and another nineteenth-century poet I cannot recall and about whom at the time I knew too little to be able to arrive at an opinion.
Even the written word, by conjuring up the Eliot tone of voice, could express this kind of humorous gravity, for example, his remark in the ‘Dialogue on Dramatic Poetry’ that ‘we cannot spend all our time reading large philosophical works’.
I think I must have expressed dissatisfaction with the ‘Poetry and Propaganda’ article, because, like others that I had submitted to him up to that point, it was never to appear.
He expressed interest in the article for Leavis, which had been called ‘Scrutiny of Modern Greats’, and he questioned me closely about the general intellectual mood at Oxford.
Before I left, I expressed the hope that he could pay another visit to Oxford, though this time a purely private one, and I see that I wrote to him repeating this towards the end of term — the final term — because on 17 June he replied to my home address:
I also found certain sections of the press grossly biased; and when a representative of the Daily Express called at the New English Weekly office and asked for a copy of the relevant issue, I thought I might be involved in a libel action.
I therefore wrote to express the hope that I had not appeared to expect him to intervene; that I did not necessarily disagree with what he said; and that my underlying feeling was that the Baldwin government, though apparently trying to get rid of a bad king, might damage the monarchy at a time when a great international crisis seemed to be upon us.
The Catholic intelligentsia had been highly critical of the way the government had conducted itself: Blackfriars, the Oxford Dominican journal, had taken a line which I found especially sympathetic; and D'Arcy, to whom I had sent my  article, wrote to me expressing approval of my stand.
Although Eliot expressed some liking for Edward VIII as a man, he felt he lacked character.
About this time Wyndham Lewis expressed the wish to paint the Somerville friend of mine, and the ‘Portrait of Miss Close’ appears in Walter Michel's compendium (No. 5).
Later on, I ventured to express the hope that one day he would perhaps visit my family in Merstham.
He had wanted to publish a full-length article from me in The Criterion; and in expressing the hope that this sort of work would be ‘a help’, he was, with his knowledge of the therapeutic value of work, perfectly right.
As some of his remarks in the Criterion commentaries made clear, he was not hostile to the idea of Empire, ‘whatever the Daily Express may say’; and if this should rouse the indignation of anti-imperialists, it should be realized that I am talking about a bygone era, since which the  world-scene has been transformed, and the term colonialism is now employed usually in the service of invective.
To me, he wrote on 10 February as follows, the invective being tempered by the desire expressed at the beginning that we should have in due course a prolonged tête-à-tête:
It was significant that, when the war took a grave turn the following year, it was to every Anglican incumbent in the land (and no doubt to many others, though I can speak only for the parish clergy) that Duff Cooper, the Home Secretary, sent letters expressing apprehension of the state of public morale and urging the incumbents to do their utmost to help raise it.
He also expressed regret that, so far as taking up arms was concerned, he was ‘no good’ as a shot.
In contrast to some other material, my essay ‘The Claims of Basic English’, to which I had referred in my letter of 18 July 1944, had reached him; and I was much cheered by the fact that he expressed unqualified approval for it.
The next day the TV critic of the Express noted that the Telethon had been full of publicity-grabbing TV stars jostling to exploit the programme for their own careers.
A friend sees him and expresses amazement.
Everyone was passing the buck — no one would actually express to John what their feelings were.
(I did not think it politic to express my reservations.)
You express your gratitude.
The faces of People are unlike mine, plastic, mobile, given to expressing emotion.
The New Musical Express, stumbling after the new wave, advertised bells and full hippy regalia, from the people who had brought Beatle jackets to the young.
We offer some therapies to help them regain confidence in themselves so they can express and release some of those tensions which are causing them to behave irrationally.’
A mixture of scorn and jealousy made Penelope also express herself uncharacteristically.
‘Oh dear,’ Ianthe heard herself saying, feebly, she felt, but it was difficult to know how best to express her sympathy.
But when he spoke again it was only to express some anxiety about  the conduct of the services while he was away.
She and Mark would of course be sharing a room; Ianthe and Penelope had also expressed their willingness to share.
Then, before she'd had time to express her thanks, he'd touched her cheek briefly with his warm, dry lips and stridden away, leaving her feeling lonely and bereft, the small box clasped in her hand.
Hadn't he said that to express it would be just empty words?
By Friday she had arranged everything to Rob's satisfaction, although as she handed Luke his notes for the meeting in York she still had some reservations about his reaction to his brother's methods of expressing gratitude.
The sacrum is longer and narrower in the male, this difference being clearly expressed by the sacral index.
I would like to express my thanks and appreciation for all the cards, letters and offers of help sent to wish David well when he was ill and then in sympathy when he died.
For navigation we chose AutoRoute Express with a USA map.
For example, some programs will express that the Files and Buffers have to be set to a certain number for that particular program to operate correctly.
DataEase Express for Windows
Recently this problem has been attacked by several companies including DataEase International with its DataEase Express for Windows package.
DataEase Express provides an intuitive Windows user-interface to a full relational database system.
DataEase Express is priced £385+VAT.
There are many ways of estimating the quality of the benefit at the end of the plan but one simple one is to calculate an earnings ratio, given by the interest earned over the total sum — which is best expressed as a percentage.
Stop time minus Start time but then this needs to be expressed in hours — rather than as a fraction of a day.
Instead you can use the F4 key to cycle through the four possibilities for expressing a cell reference.
Views expressed in Woman's Art Magazine are those of the contributors and do not necessarily represent the views of the Editor nor of the Women Artists Slide Library.
The famous opening lines of The Go Between express this adult sense of a lost identity: ‘The past is a different country: they do things differently there’.
The initial vulnerability of the new born is expressed in Denis Creffield's Anxious Baby (1983) and here the parallels with those popular images of childhood which constantly interpenetrate and interrupt our day-to-day routine are obvious.
Or take Marilyn Monroe's face, with the peroxide hair, so created by a construction of a look, that she can be readily replicated by lookalikes, something that Madonna expressed the changing face with her insistent dramatic re-fashioning of image.
Work for an era that needed it spelt out; perhaps Lijn's recorded voice expresses from the head while a red laser beam cuts sharply through smoke that generates from the base of a black lacquered body.
Time to express wonder
We hope that MP's will express forcibly their concern for the impact these changes would have on their constituents, and that they will persuade the Lord chancellor to think again.’
Instead it agrees with the Government's view, expressed in its document ‘Sensible Drinking’, that these could penalise the moderate drinker, while problem drinkers would either continue drinking to excess and deprive their families of essentials or switch to cheaper or illicit drinks.
TES' major aviation customers for fuel nozzles in the USA are: Pratt & Whitney, Northwest Airlines, Delta Airlines, Federal Express and the US Air Force.
In many areas there is deep concern about the future of jobs, others express worry about reporting relationships, some express eagerness to get on with making it work and many want more information on pension rights and redundancy terms.
Research by Market and Opinion Research International (MORI) shows that employees in any organisation in similar circumstances express a common need at a time like this — they call for fast, straight forward communications, even when the news is bad.
‘For example, some local residents have expressed interest in acquiring small plots of nearby land and we shall ensure that other residents have the same opportunity.’
(v) Have any organisations expressed an interest in buying AEA or parts of it?
We have received no formal approaches of this sort although we believe some organisations may have expressed some informal interest to DTI.
His colleagues had expressed anxiety over pension rights but saw possible benefits in attracting and retaining staff if pay constraints could be freed.
He said he welcomed the move to establish Services as a Business, building on commercial arrangements already in place, adding that some staff were nervous of a change into the private sector expressing anxiety over how jobs, terms and conditions and pension rights would be affected.
Millions of BBC Radio 2 listeners heard disc jockey Ed ‘Stewpot’ Stewart express surprise at being told he was standing on top of the largest onshore oilfield in western Europe.
Those taking part expressed their satisfaction with the outcome of the talks, and with the agreements.
BP teamed up with TNT Express to put together the funding package which enabled the talented youngsters to stage a series of concerts in Dublin and Killarney.
Although frequently expressed in curious language, it should be regarded as assisting all concerned in providing probably the best statement yet of what the pursuer's case is.
An Optional Procedure claim is identifiable because the conclusion is expressed in a different form from that in a normal action, requiring payment here of a specified sum ‘or such other greater or smaller sums as to the Court shall seem proper’.
If one has to express it in percentage terms, somewhere between 10% and 49%.
Precisely what is meant by ‘any substantial finding of contributory negligence’ is open to some dispute at present, the view having been expressed by one judge that any contributory negligence greater than a minimal amount, must be substantial and hence prevent any interim payment.
The apportionment, usually expressed in percentage terms, operates with the same penalty as in the normal Tender, viz. that in the event that after Proof the party to whom the Tender has been made is found liable for a greater proportion of the claim than was offered to him, then that party becomes responsible for the Tenderer's expenses from the date when the Tender was lodged.
Anything expressed as a Warranty in a Marine Policy must be strictly complied with — whether material or not.
The other notable exceptions are ‘ordinary wear and tear, ordinary leakage and breakage, inherent vice of the subject matter insured’— although these are normally expressed as specific exclusions on the face of the Policy, it should be borne in mind that we have these defences at law.
If the vessel is to be out of the water for a fixed period e.g. between September the 1st and March the 31st annually, then this will be expressed in the Policy Schedule, and will be detailed on the underwriting risk and claims statistics screens on the Polisy system.
Express Cycle Specialists see Appendix 5
Mr Wilton expressed a keen interest in the factory and visitor centre and enjoyed a tour of production processes before ornamenting a Jasper sweet dish himself.
GEORGE and Eve Whalley would like to express their thanks to friends and colleagues at Imperial Pottery for the kindness and support following the death of their teenage daughter.
Another concern of employees expressed at the meeting was that younger women were only offered ultrasound examinations while older women were receiving mammograms.
The director of the Feed The Children appeal which sent truck loads of relief supplies into war-torn former Yugoslavia has expressed his thanks to Wedgwood employees.
‘I write to express my own and other residents thanks for the fine work carried out by Mr Martin James [Pest Control London North].
‘I have been requested by the Governors of the school to express our thanks to Rosemary Parkes and David Burns [from Hygiene Preston]for the competent, efficient and courteous manner in which they have conducted business.
I am writing to express our complete satisfaction with everything that he does.
A very pleasant day was had by all, and Clive Moxon said that ‘we would particularly like to express our thanks and appreciation to Area Manager Ken Burkinshaw for the help and assistance given to our retired association’.
However a number of concerns have been expressed.
The view has been expressed in some quarters that experience gained in implementation of the First Directive would be very valuable in carrying out detailed work on the Second.
The college's future plans include reinforcing links with EFTA countries, particularly Norway and Iceland, which have expressed interest in modular provision.
The Danish colleges visited by Christine as part of her tour expressed an interest in linking with colleges in Scotland.
In the past, each kind of unit has been expressed in a rather different way, by means of a different type of unit specification, or module descriptor.
Dr Peter Clarke, SCOTVEC's Chairman, expressed his pleasure at the continued growth in National Certificate in typical style at a recent conference.
The results of the survey were published in the spring of 1988: the views expressed in it naturally reflected the fact that the Action Plan's implementation had been done at almost breakneck speed and had required much effort on the part of FE lecturers.
The Chief Executive wrote on 1 September 1988 to colleges offering courses which would be appropriate for this type of development and a number have expressed interest.
Most comments expressed satisfaction with the backup provided by SCOTVEC officers at validation events.
It is now essential that an output model is adopted with the student achievements being expressed in competency terms.
I must again express my thanks to all those who have contributed to this exciting Development Programme, through response to the Consultative Paper, participation in pilot and consortium developments, contributions to unit writing groups and attendance at seminars.
Views expressed on the quality of centre-devised and consortia-devised HN Units were more positive than for nationally-devised units.
A view was expressed that merit would have been better attached to the group award, rather than to every individual unit.
It would have been surprising, given the scale and pace of the development programme, if some misgivings had not been expressed.
It is our express hope that through the development of business and language awards we can help to support those organisations which are relative newcomers to competitive world markets.
Their English should be sufficiently accurate, specialised and idiomatic for them to detect subtleties of detail and meaning in English material presented to them, and to express such subtleties when they write.
Results are expressed on a 10-point profile grid, showing a candidate's strengths and weaknesses: profile descriptions are available in French, German, Italian and Spanish.
The Plan also expressed the Library's concern at the loss of knowledge and experience following the retirement of several senior staff in recent years.
You will remember that, some time ago, we expressed the hope that we would be able to mount a small display of your work in the Library either this autumn or next year.
In its reply the profession, while acknowledging its willingness to co-operate in the provision of relevant additional information, expressed concern that concentration on expenses and charges, while ignoring more important aspects of product and company selection such as the investment return, might not be in the best interests of consumers.
‘We have now to build on the satisfaction our clients have expressed with our service and move up a gear to create delight in their view of us.’
Nevertheless they all expressed serious concern at a number of proposals in the bill which limit the appeals process and in particular the rights of the taxpayer to appeal only where it can be proved that the commissioners have acted unreasonably.
It also expressed concern that the proposals simply passed the problem onto another business sector — the exempt international investor.
A number of lawyers also expressed admiration for the English system's much stricter overall timetable for disclosing claims, defences and witnesses to the other side.
Instead of opinions expressed ‘subject to’ the effects of uncertainties, auditors will be required to express an opinion taking into account whether estimates an disclosures are sufficient for the accounts to give a true and fair view.
Ian Neill FHCIMA, former managing director, Rank Restaurants, and his partner Jonathan Dell MHCIMA, formerly franchise director, Pizza Express, are making plans for a new middle market ethnic group of restaurants.
Operating as Shadowfax Restaurants, the partnership has been together for a number of years, and currently has two Pizza Express outlets in Barnet and Finchley, and part ownership of a pizza restaurant in the West End of London.
Both have wide experience of the middle market business, Ian Neill having also worked for Berni and Pizza Express before taking over Mecca's restaurant division, which was acquired by Rank and then recently sold to Michael Guthrie in a £20m deal.
‘There are exceptions, like Pizza Express, which has survived for so long and is still very successful because quality is paramount.
We will be looking for more Pizza Express franchises as part of our expansion plans.’
But much more importantly, the view was successfully expressed that you need experience, particularly in a recession.
American Express has formed an Official Card Partnership with the hotel association Connoisseurs Scotland.
The partnership was signed and sealed at Edinburgh Castle by Dr Michael Shea, chairman, Connoisseurs Scotland, and David Cornthwaite, vice president establishment sales, American Express.
The aim of the agreement is to attract additional tourism to Scotland by promoting the quality hotels which are members of the association, to the frequent travelling and high spending American Express Cardmember.
Following hard on the heels of last year's Burger King's development is Pizza Hut Express, which has recently opened a 120-seater pizza slice operation located in Thorpe Park's Dome.
It is the first time that Pizza Hut has opened an Express slice operation in a leisure attraction of Thorpe Park's size.
Yet the Commons debate went far beyond the usual slanging match — and although Minister Robert Key tried hard to describe Government policy in the best possible light, serious concern and strong criticism was expressed that alone in the National Heritage budget, the English Tourist Board's (ETB) funding is to be fiercely reduced.
Winds of Change at AMERICAN EXPRESS
It may seem as if it has been with us forever, but the ubiquitous American Express chargecard has, in fact, only been around for 35 years.
The introduction of the card was part of the evolutionary process which has begun in 1850 when Wells and Fargo merged to form a company which transported valuables across America by Express delivery — thus American Express.
But the success was such that the local domestic markets, including the UK, were invited to become cardmembers, and the American Express card was introduced in this country 30 years ago this year.
The income generated by business travel and related expenses is a fast growing part of American Express — accommodation, subsistence, travel and increasingly the use of the cards for making telephone calls.
American Express is about to introduce Descriptive Billing.
American Express believes that with more and more businesses insisting that all expenses are paid by chargecard, those who do not accept American Express cards will lose out.
‘It makes everything quicker and saves money so there is a good reason for businesses to switch to EDC,’ says Michael Edwards, hotel director American Express.
With businesses looking at cost cutting across the board, American Express has also been targeting a new market.
‘There is a common misconception that American Express is more expensive than all other cards.
‘For smaller businesses, the American Express card today will probably cost less than other cards and will certainly not be higher than a bank card.
All of these new ideas are just the beginning of the innovations to come from American Express, which will continue its mission of closing the gap between its card and those of other companies, John Petersen says.
The Institute continued to express its opposition to Compulsory Competitive Tendering for architectural services as provided for in the Local Government Act 1992.
The views expressed in these papers are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of SCRE.
It was stressed to parents that the questions were being asked with the full co-operation of the headteacher and staff and with the express aim of making the experience in this particular nursery the best it could be for the children.
The views expressed in these papers are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of SCRE.
Nevertheless, headteachers did express worries about condoned absence.
The views expressed in these papers are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of SCRE.
The views expressed in these papers are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of SCRE.
In such cases they were keen not only to support the members in offering advice but also expressed the hope that training would serve to raise awareness of school issues, in order to inform discussion and help the headteacher in decision-making.
Did the training material take into account the need expressed by volunteers to show early evidence of their usefulness to the school and its community?
The views expressed in these papers are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of SCRE.
The views expressed in these papers are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of SCRE or the organisation(s) which commissioned the research.
His answers were: ‘Systematic activity that is directed towards providing knowledge, or adding to the understanding of existing knowledge, which is of relevance for improving the effectiveness of education’, which he later expressed more succinctly as ‘systematic activity made public’.
The purpose is generally expressed in terms of the research questions, which have a key role in planning research (see Lewis and Munn, 1987).
It goes along the lines that ‘researchers’ research’is all about ‘controlled experimentation within a psycho-statistical paradigm’— to coin a jargon or two — and expressed in just this kind of language.
The views expressed in Observations are those of the authors and are not necessarily those of the Scottish Council for Research in Education or the Scottish Educational Research Association.
His answers were: ‘Systematic activity that is directed towards providing knowledge, or adding to the understanding of existing knowledge, which is of relevance for improving the effectiveness of education’, later expressed more succinctly as ‘systematic activity made public’.
The purpose is generally expressed in terms of research questions, which have a key role in planning research (see  & ).
It goes along the lines that ‘researchers’ research’is all about ‘controlled experimentation within a psycho-statistical paradigm’— to coin a jargon or two — and expressed in just this kind of language.
I had come to Uganda to observe how the women use music to give advice, support each other and express their need for political identity.
What would distress me would be if Scotland were not able in such a process to express democratically her own voice and her own vision of the European future and of the future of Scotland in Europe.
What is unusual about this resource is that at each point in the dialogue it is known what idea the speaker is trying to express, and what information the hearer has which provides the context for its understanding.
And the ability to express yourself forcefully and clearly, to be able to master the sense of an issue and convey it to others, is an enormous help to any career.
The British Government expressed grave reservations about the proposals for Political Union, particularly the Social Charter, the common foreign policy, new EC policy areas and more powers for the European Parliament.
Many of our residents have enjoyed the hospitality and entertainment courtesy of Matron Elder and on their behalf we should like to express our appreciation, and to thank all concerned for including us in their celebrations.
In conclusion we offer the following sentiments expressed in verse by that well known author ‘Anon’.
Table 1 shows the overall performance of Scottish exports in the last three years expressed in both current and constant [1985]prices.
This represents a growth of 11.9% on the 1989 figures expressed in current values, but even more importantly reflects a 7.6% growth in real terms after taking account of price movements.
A transaction may be more attractive to a foreign buyer if the invoice is expressed in the currency of the buyer's country.
Following consultation with Assistant Managers and Officer members in Bank of Ireland throughout the country in respect of the rumoured implementation of Performance Related Pay, it was agreed that the Bank be contacted for the purpose of elaborating on the views as expressed by the members at those meetings.
The Profit Share Scheme was reduced in 1992 but many members have expressed great annoyance that another scheme within the Bank netted two former members of the staff in Britain almost £218,000 between them.
General malaise was expressed at the poor quality of customer service in the Banks.
Difficulty is being expressed with the method to be used to launch the scheme.
Further dissatisfaction was expressed at the action taken.
The chairman of the Juniper Green Village Association will write expressing our objections.
Letter of thanks from Mrs Cunning of the music department of Currie High School expressing her thanks for the cheque for £10 sent to be used for the purchase of music.
Dissatisfaction was again expressed at the inadequacy of the fencing erected.
Thanks were expressed to the committee members for their generous donations of baking and to  the Guides for their tremendous contribution in terms of serving and cleaning.
Letter to Director of Highways expressing concern that no action has been taken in connection with the request for a footpath between Baberton Mains Wood and Baberton Mains Hill.
As reported last month four boys have been suspended for unacceptable behaviour and have expressed no regret for their actions.
Members from both sections have expressed a desire to hold a disco in the Village Hall.
Pavement widening at Juniper Green Dissatisfaction expressed by Dr. Neil and Scott and Councillor Mrs. Brereton.
Two senior boys have expressed an interest in attending a course to enable them to participate more in the running of the club (the J.G.V.A. has agreed to pay their fees) a volunteer Diane Prior has joined the staff, Laura Brown has been given a date for mini bus driving test, two staff members have attended a Youth Work Conference for South West Edinburgh — G. Lightheart has ordered new equipment.
Thanks were expressed to all members of committee for their help and support during the year with special thanks to the new members who had fitted in so well and had been willing to get involved in all the work of the committee…to the ex-officio members of the committee Councillor Mrs. B. Brereton, Councillor H.D.G. Fraser and G. Lightheart the community education officer.
The chairman expressed the thanks of the meeting.
Woodhall Terrace, Woodhall Drive, Baberton Avenue etc, and the areas concerned have expressed an interest.
The Chairman, on behalf of the members, has asked me to express their appreciation of your excellent presentation and to state how difficult it has been to make a choice from  outstanding candidates.
Nonetheless, I have to express my disappointment with the Government's proposals.
The Council reiterates its previously expressed view that the existing system of local government in Scotland should be retained, that a convincing case for change remains to be made and that the cost, confusion and disruption involved in the proposed reorganisation is not justified.
The weight or level of materiality attached to the initial consultative draft was intended to be the minimum possible, contrary to the sentiments expressed in  letter.
Added to this, the Government's expressed aim to reduce public expenditure suggests there may be little or no overall boost to the Regional Council's capital budget.
I am grateful to you for agreeing to ensure my interest is expressed to the relevant Appointments Committee.
At the time , you sent us a delightful card, which I still have, offering good wishes and expressing the hope we might one day meet.
This uniformity expresses that which occurs in the progress of autumn to winter, of day to night, and of fire to ashes just as the symmetry in the rhythm show light and dark.
Practical Criticism — The Express
An obsessional tale of a great train's journey from darkness to light, from sombre death to bursting life, is the best way in which the poem, ‘The Express ’, could be described.
In a poem like the ‘Express ’ I believe we are dealing with a very involved, indeed fanatical, view of the journey, movement and stately presence of a train which seems to overpower not just the author himself but also the very universe and natural world in which it exists.
I believe the ‘Express ’ to be a poem of great beauty and I find it tender although strange in approach.
But although this is probably the way the young man would have spoken, the line seems to express a certain naivety in his character.
The metaphysical poets of the 17th century were rarely interested in pastoral as a game and preferred to move on to a more realistic way of expressing their discontentment with the mercantile age they lived in.
‘Nothing can exceed the energy and magnificence of the character of Satan as expressed in Paradise Lost .’
Lear asks his three daughters to express their love for him and in turn, he will buy their flattery, give them the amount of land measured by their amount of professed admiration.
He expresses favouritism, not love, from one daughter to the next by the things they will do for him, a characteristic not correct in any parent.
Last year congress carried a motion on racism and fascism  expressing its alarm at the rise of fascism and racism in Germany and France  this has always been a trade union issue.
Next, I would like to thank John  for his support and encouragement  I'd like to mention Carole  who has always been there when I've needed  At this point  who again has always been very supportive  I also want to thank members of the regional  both past and present, but particularly  I'd like to thank all the regional officers and staff for their assistance and particularly George , Hugh  and the officer  I would also like to thank  regional political officer for the Midlands and East Coast   we now hold all the major positions of the Labour Party with  I would also like to thank the national food and leisure committee for their help and support  and particularly to David , Nick  and   To conclude, President, I'd like to express my sincere thanks and love to those important people around me, my family.
Er, colleagues, before we turn to a period of, er, rule amendments and general motions, could I just advise congress that a pair of spectacles have been handed in  er, Vision Express, look like, well they could be ladies or gents, multi-sexual these days, colleagues.
Membership expressing real views, real concerns and John if you listen very carefully, it was also about wanting to see a delivery of the promises that were made about the merger.
Could I firstly start by thanking those delegates who after Congress yesterday have expressed support about the two rule changes that we lost and to give some encouragement to new delegates here that even if you get up here and you lose it, there's some one hell of a lot of support out there on the floor.
Erm, okay the  notation for Flo Florence teased Dougal is it can be expressed, converted directly into the explicit tree notation on the handout.
Elsewhere in the country similar views are being expressed among victims of crime where the offender was cautioned.
You did express some er anxiety if I remember  when you spoke to me about erm not about not providing enough
a two mile  steeplechase the Galway Plate and General Idea running really well from  and  Express  but the ground's the problem.
And here today's bandwagon rolling tip,Pershing po poised to fulfil his promise , that's Paul Johnson in the Racing Post, John de Moreville in the Express  Pershing to strike his target  and now here is something of which nobody can be proud  Gosforth Park South Africa .
Naturally he has expressed a desire to see you, but if his wishes are to be fulfilled you must leave for France at once.
He found it hard to express sympathy and, in any case, he was more interested in legal matters.
Then, if I hear concern expressed about you — that you have disappeared…’
Especially of a man whose extreme scepticism about herself and her doings was daily expressed.
She had thought, wrongly, that she could allow the love which she had begun to feel for Dr Neil to express itself, only for her deepest instincts to take over when in beginning to make love to her he had unwittingly reminded her so strongly of what…he had done to her.
The worry over her disappearance which had caused his relief that she was safe to express itself in what she acknowledged was quite justified anger had abated.
‘Nothing I choose to express,’ she'd said at once, without thinking.
She chose to express nothing.
At the sculpture class she expressed a wish to carve in hard stone.
But there were never any open words expressing the inflection, never anything to which he could raise objection.
Any of us involved with English language teaching and research, if we are truthful, regularly have feelings not unlike those expressed by Marcellus.
When we are engaged in an informal social chat we are not usually trying to express ourselves succinctly or precisely.
That, too, had been expressing its displeasure with rhythmic twitching of its powerful tail, its burning eyes fixed balefully on the visitors walking in front of its enclosure.
The decor expresses an uneasy marriage between Cold Comfort Farm, the house behind the garage in The Big Sleep, and the Hole-in-the-Wall gang's hideaway on the morning after the shoot-out.
The government is elected by the people to express the value judgements of the majority.
Thus one explanation for the differing attitudes to the market economy expressed in the election manifestos cited at the beginning of the chapter is a difference in value judgements about equity.
Health, quality, and safety regulations are designed both to provide information and to express society's value judgements about intangibles such as life itself.
Conversely, the per period cost c k of an initial outlay PV can be expressed as .
The same sentence may be expressed as either a question or a statement simply by varying it's pitch (e.g. ‘They're here!’ and ‘They're here?’).
There are a wide range of variations in pitch available to express nuances and degrees of emphasis.
The volume of the utterance may be loud to express anger or whispered for secrecy.
Finite state grammars are conveniently expressed by a state diagram.
The emphasis in such systems has been to concentrate on the representation, organisation and use of linguistic knowledge as encapsulated and expressed by linguistic rules and procedures.
The approach employed by corpus linguists is well expressed by Levinson & Liberman (1981):
Besides, Bodenland expressed some gratitude to me — the only man ever to do so!’
‘I may say I am surprised to hear you express a desire to be in your grave quite yet.
‘Is that how I am to express my love?
Plant growth is expressed by the division of cells in localised regions and by the expansion and differentiation of these cells.
‘And why on earth should you automatically assume that I came here with the express purpose of blackmail?’
I wish he would show some indignance, express some opinion, but there is nothing forthcoming.
Ellen's father, Jack, had greeted his daughter with the testily expressed hope that she had not left the safe position at the royal castle that he had gone to considerable trouble to obtain for her.
]Therefore, the service which is being provided is expressed in general terms, the exact details being left until a later date […
Whilst federalism was not mentioned in her critique of Europe's future, she made her feelings plain when she expressed her opposition to the suppression of nationhood and to the fitting of British customs and traditions into an ‘identikit European personality’.
So images of organizations that are more like symphony orchestras or hospitals or the British Raj are surely nothing more than metaphors to express a desired feeling of togetherness — the togetherness produced by a conductor's baton, the shared concern of doctors and nurses for their patients, or the apparent unity of the British civil service in India.
This is how one young abortion counselor expressed her conflict over ‘letting in’ the fetus: ‘I just couldn't kid myself any more and say there was nothing in the uterus, just a tiny speck.
But even the radical orthodoxy of Freire himself — at least as it is expressed in the celebrated book Pedagogy of the Oppressed — has recently been challenged.
They found numbers an odd way of expressing how they were feeling.
All express the complex experiences of their speakers.
It might be varied for emphasis, to express a different point of view, or for stylistic effect.
Rolt warns that this is not so because that spirit can only express itself in creative activities in which work and leisure are facets of one whole.
I had left for Kingston largely dismissive of the anxieties expressed by family and friends, telling them that, after all, women have babies all over the world.
To this, fundamentalism as expressed in the articles is totally alien.
I mean that each image tries to express something that belongs to millions of people.’
It is an all-purpose complaint, one that can be invoked by a frustrated middle class to express its dashed expectations in the wake of Brazil's decanonized ‘Economic Miracle’, by the urban working class to express their condition of relative powerlessness, and by an impoverished class of displaced sugar-cane cutters and their families to express their hunger.
It allows hungry, irritable and angry Nordestinos, just now emerging from more than 20 years of militarism and political repression, a safe way to express their discontent.
But he began to use it to express what he called ‘an art which touches and grips one's own heart's blood.’
Millions of words are fired at us each day by politicians and journalists expressing their point of view, and by the advertising and public relations industries trying to sell us things.
The vast reservoir of information he had acquired was bursting to be expressed.
The deficiency was further illustrated by the reference to one co-author as a professor and the others as ‘working in the same department’, a perfectly male way of expressing the relationship.
The novel expresses the powerlessness which many Arab women feel.
Nevertheless we need as many good ideas as we can get — especially ones that are so entertainingly expressed.
We will guard vigorously against the danger of allowing immature minds to ‘express’ themselves or to be ‘imaginative’, ‘playful’, ‘prophetic’or ‘satirical’.
There is no need for control, no need to save, one must express oneself to the fullest — and the way to do that is to shop.
Please tick the box which best expresses your opinion.
The penalty for showing a pornographic film is ‘500’— oddly, the fine is expressed in pre-colonial currency, not cedis.
‘Stop the barbarians,’ shout Italians as they oppose the opening of a new shop in a historic town; while in Sweden protesters express anti-US and anti-burger sentiment with smoke-bombs.
When times were bad the scrawny becak driver, in ragged shorts and felt cap, with his market gossip and homespun street philosophy, was often the first to express discontent.
The myth was used by early churchmen as a vehicle for expressing their horror and disgust at women's bodies: ‘What is the difference whether it is in a wife or in a mother, it is still Eve the temptress that we must beware of in any other woman1,’ wrote St Augustine in the late fourth century.
Middle-class women and girls who expressed sexual feelings — with men or through masturbation — were often diagnosed as ‘morally insane’ and imprisoned in mental asylums.
This hostility towards the female body is expressed through pornography — most sickeningly in ‘snuff’ movies in which the actress is literally murdered on screen.
Why do men express such hatred of women?
If Milton adopts a high style which allows him to voice opposition to Restoration politics, is that opposition not contained by this style, one perceived as normally expressing the values of the elite?
Many teachers believe that Shakespeare's work conveys universal values, and that his language expresses rich and subtle meanings beyond that of any other English writer.
The reasons behind playing this  game were not based only on an abstract conception of duty, but also on the notions expressed in More's conclusion to the stage managing which offered Richard III the crown:
Anecdotes, Fineman argues, enabled the sentiments befitting the occasion to be expressed.
Politically, expressing horror at degeneracy was expedient.
Consequently, our lads, whenever they wished to express their contempt for the French, would show them two fingers.
Secondly, as with all the rules in section 18, Rule 4 is irrelevant if the parties when making the contract express their intentions as to when property shall pass.
Thus in Weiner v. Gill (1906 C.A.) although jewellery sold on approval was subsequently re-sold by the buyer, the court held that property had not passed because of an express statement in the original contract that property was not to pass until the seller was paid.
‘Rule 5:(1) Where there is a contract for the sale of unascertained or future goods by description, and goods of that description and in a deliverable state are unconditionally appropriated to the contract, either by the seller with the assent of the buyer, or by the buyer with the assent of the seller, the property in the goods then passes to the buyer; and the assent may be express or implied, and may be given either before or after the appropriation is made.
There are many contracts for the sale of unascertained goods where the parties do not express their intention as to when property shall pass.
First, the agreement that risk should pass independently from property was not express but inferred by the court from the circumstances of the case.
‘Where a right, duty or liability would arise under a contract of sale of goods by implication of law, it may (subject to the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977) be negatived or varied by express agreement, or by the course of dealing between the parties, or by such usage as binds both parties to the contract.’
Express terms
Any term, express or implied, may be a condition or a warranty.
In Cehave a written contract for the sale of fruit pellets contained the express term ‘Shipment to be in good condition.’
Also the express term was not a ‘condition’ in the contract.
It seems that an express stipulation will not easily by construed by the court as a ‘condition.’
Other expressions in the contract (such as‘fair average quality for the season’ or ‘packed in cases of 30’) can then be regarded, not as part of the contract description, but as express terms of the contract in their own right.
Unless the contract clearly indicates otherwise, these express terms (not being stipulations as to the time of delivery) will then normally be warranties and not conditions.
A contract of sale is a contract for sale by sample where there is an express or implied term to that effect in the contract.
‘The office of a sample is to present to the eye the real meaning and intention of the parties with regard to the subject-matter of the contract which, owing to the imperfection of language, it may be difficult or impossible to express in words.
‘I wished to express my regrets for my nephew's — hasty reaction.
The thought of herself, expressing this pious sentiment, brought the tears coursing down her cheeks.
His words were casual, hardly to be construed as a compliment, but reminded Robbie of something Caro had said recently, when Robbie had gloomily deplored Hugh's defection, expressing the opinion that his new girlfriend was prettier.
She would have liked to express her opinion of his girlfriend, but prudently refrained.
‘She has asked me to express her gratitude to you, but I don't know how to find the words.’
She looked at him wordlessly while wondering how to express the questions seething about in her mind, and at last she gathered sufficient courage to ask, ‘Are there no women in your life, Silas?’
She glanced at her watch, then expressed surprise.
Had he been expressing his doubts about her to Matt?
Doreen continued to express discontent.
Doreen's eyes widened to express shocked dismay.
A short time later he sat back and expressed his appreciation.
Possibly it was because most people who visited Wilder's Wilderness expressed the wish to return.
She went crimson, then left the room, her exit being followed by a burble of chatter as the women expressed their surprise.
‘I suggest that most of the sentiments you express so forcibly are your own, Mr Peck.
Melody expressed her admiration the following morning as she stood watching Seb currying one of the horses.
The gang-boss was suitably sympathetic, but his sympathy was expressed with pints, rather than words.
Expressing initial disbelief, Tom confirmed that Putt went out riding on Vulcan most mornings.
Your Committee is delighted to announce that the Salop Steam Society have granted this request and take this opportunity of expressing their grateful thanks to them.
Both Societies would like to express their thanks to the many people who loaned exhibits or gave their time helping to organise the events and providing refreshments.
The November 11th ‘West Mercian’ is the latest to be cancelled and the only one extra to the list published in Journal 1 is on October 21st, ‘The Welsh Marches Express’, Hereford-Shrewsbury-Newport, hauled by 6998.
He also expressed the Society's thanks to our President, Lady C. M. More, for the loan of items for display at the Steam Rally and the Museum Roadshow.
The Society would like to express their sincere thanks to Mr Wheeler for the gifts of these photos and information.
We walked no further on the trackbed itself, because on the first walk the owner of the land here had gently but firmly expressed the view that his fences might suffer if climbed over.
I can see his point of view, and will take the opportunity to express my appreciation of those farmers who cheerfully give permission with no more than the usual reminder to shut the gates.
At the committee Meeting on 12 February 1990, the Chairman opened the proceedings by expressing his regret that our Hon.
The BCRS also wishes to express its gratitude to the Revd.
Completing the history-making line-up are ‘4468 — The Record Breaker’, Equinox's ‘Iron Road’, ‘The Last Train through Medicine Hat’, ‘Night Mail’, ‘Manchuria Express’, ‘Palace on Wheels’ and ‘O. Winston Link’the most innovative steam photographer.
Interest has been expressed in both the Crewe Heritage Centre and Ironbridge among nearby centres and I have received a suggestion that we might visit the Gwili Railway farther afield.
The specialist tools including large lathes for turning the wheel rims of express steam locos are of great interest.
Some concern was expressed about the slow progress on negotiations to set up the museum and it was hoped that a further meeting with Shropshire Leisure Services could be set up soon.
The rosy view expressed contrasted sharply with customer and enthusiast reaction to the Hills era.
At the beginning of January only 37430 was available for the Cambrian Coast Express and is in poor shape.
It disgraced itself on the Cambrian Coast Express some weeks ago and was hauled back ignominiously to the works where a tremendous flap occurred as to who paid for the necessary.
The Cambrian itself will lose the Cambrian Coast Express from March with the withdrawal of the Intercity from the arrangements to pay for the train west of Salop.
The system would mostly operate a service of at least half-hourly frequency, but the Twotowns North line would incorporate the existing BR express service between Shrewsbury and Wellington with Metro stopping trains at the alternate half-hour.
Regional Sector has no locomotives of its own and in the last months of the loco-hauled Cambrian Coast Express various locos have appeared.
Some concern was expressed from the floor and the Hon.
Some people had expressed the view that this trip came too close to the Central Wales Line excursion and it seemed clear that we would not get enough people to justify the expense of a coach.
The Committee would like to express their sincere thanks to Mrs Sheila Price, who donated two new railway books to the Society for use at our winter meetings as raffle prizes.
The Class 158 diagram replacing the loco-hauled Cambrian Coast express continues, with green liveried Centro 2 or 3 car sets making up the majority of Cambrian workings.
Secondly, the half hourly Express Link service introduced in 1983, has become a victim of its own success.
Mr Hopkin expressed his opinion that we had done a very good job in our efforts, he then gave his professional advice
An example can be seen at the Didcot Railway Centre With the fine locomotives designed by Daniel Gooch, the GWR's broad gauge trains formed the first real expresses and indeed the inaugural train from London to Bristol led to the comment that this must be the only time on record that an engineer had exceeded his promises!
The broad gauge lived on only in the Paddington to Penzance expresses, corresponding goods trains and services on feeder lines.
travelled to Westminster using the Cambrian Railway, joining the 10.25 Aberystwyth-Manchester express, always travelling in the tea car in the company of others of his ilk.
I share the views expressed by my right hon. Friend yesterday.
I share the view expressed by my hon. Friend.
I have arranged a two-day debate in the House so that I may express that clearly and listen to the views of the House.
Does my right hon. Friend agree that many of the views that I have expressed in the House, which at times have been received with ridicule and dismay, have become law subsequently?
Opinions ranged from outright support to outright opposition, with many respondents expressing concern or seeking information about particular aspects of the application.
That opinion is absolutely in line with that expressed by the people of Kincardine and Deeside who thoroughly rejected opting out at the ballot box.
I do not doubt that the majority of opinion as expressed in the submissions was opposed to the opting out process, although it is impossible to categorise opinions in the way that the hon. Gentleman would wish.
Much though I understand the worries expressed by residents of the district to be served by the hospital, one must also take account of the basis of their concern, and the misinformation which has caused their alarm.
I am sure that the whole House will welcome the sympathy, which I endorse, that has been expressed by the hon. Gentleman to the families concerned.
The terrible attack on a taxi driver in St. Mary's primary school yard today, which also affected the school children within that area, must be condemned and sympathy should be expressed to everyone who has been affected by this terrible act.
I, too, must express slight surprise at the Minister's inability to give the figures that were requested in the original question.
There was a referendum on devolution some years ago and the people of Wales forcefully expressed their view against the principle of devolution on that occasion.
I have received many such representations and I well understand the depth of feeling on the part of those expressing their concern.
Will the Prime Minister take this opportunity to join me in expressing joy at the release of Terry Waite and Tom Sutherland from their long and terrible captivity?
May I also express — as I am sure he will — boundless admiration for the great courage and inner strength shown by the two men and all the other released hostages.
This morning I spoke briefly to Terry Waite while he was on board the aircraft returning home and was able to express the delight that I and the whole country felt at his safe return and at Mr. Sutherland's release.
In welcoming the release of Mr. Waite and Mr. Sutherland, may I express the hope that none of us forget that there are still more hostages whom we wish to see speedily returned to their homes.
Is my right hon. Friend aware that during a recent visit I made to Albania on behalf of the Council of Europe, politicians of all parties expressed a keen interest in receiving British know-how, but were disappointed that we have yet to establish a British embassy in Tirane?
The developments that have taken place led to my right hon. Friend the Minister of State expressing the Government's worry to the Indonesian ambassador on 13 November.
When my right hon. Friend the Minister of State next has contact with the Indonesian ambassador, will he express the abhorrence of the House at the indiscriminate shooting of men, women and children in Dili, which I visited three years ago with other hon. Members?
I am encouraged by the fact that President Moi has expressed his willingness to move towards multi-party democracy, and by the recent indications that fresh general elections may be held early next year.
My noble Friend the Minister of State expressed that concern to the Indonesian ambassador on 13 November.
As I have said, we have expressed our grave concern.
However, there is an equally wide body of opinion, expressed mainly by manufacturing industries, which oppose such a move because it believes that it would disrupt the long period of uninterrupted production between the August holiday and the Christmas break.
What steps, other than expressing sympathy and exhortation, will the Minister and the Government take to enforce interest payments on debt and to streamline court procedures, so that it will not be too burdensome for small businesses to pursue their creditors?
They expressed the unanimous view that the proposals contained in the working time directive, which is to be considered by the Council of Ministers next week, would be extremely damaging to the tourist industry throughout the Community.
I am grateful to my hon. Friend for that good news and for the justifiable concern that he expressed earlier about late payment of debt.
The last time the hon. Member for Sedgefield (Mr. Blair) expressed his concerns, he gave a list of our programmes which he said were to be destroyed and eliminated.
That is an extraordinary contrast with the uncritical support for monetary union expressed by his right hon. and hon. Friends, who want to leap in with no conditions and to throw away the conditions that we have negotiated.
Is he aware of the concern expressed by the Mental Welfare Commission for Scotland about the poor food supplied by a private contractor in my constituency?
Can he give any indication of whether at that meeting he expressed the British Government's support for the United Nations human rights sub-commission report in relation to the expressions of concern about the violations of human rights in Tibet, and what proposals did he make to help the many thousands who have been refugees from Tibet in the past 30 years?
I share the concern expressed by the hon. Gentleman for homeless people in Liverpool.
The hon. Gentleman has every right to express his views.
I have not seen that report, but I have expressed before the dangers that a minimum wage policy would hold for employment levels.
I very much agree with the desirability of the objective expressed by the hon. Gentleman at the beginning of his question.
On 3 December, the European Community repeated its condemnation and called on the Indonesian authorities to respond to the serious concerns expressed by the international community.
My right hon. Friend the Earl of Caithness called in the Indonesian ambassador and expressed our grave concern.
We believe that the Further and Higher Education Bill's provisions meet the concerns expressed by my hon. Friend the Member for Rutland and Melton (Mr. Latham) and by others, and we can categorically reassure those colleges that they have nothing to fear.
My right hon. Friend recently received a letter from the chairman of the Scottish Steelfounders Association expressing concern about state subsidies to European steelfounders.
Is the Minister aware that when I recently addressed a meeting of the Ayr, Renfrew and Bute Black-Faced Sheep Breeders Association not only was I extremely well received but much concern was expressed about the position of sheep rearers in the area?
Is the view expressed then to Dr.
Is he aware of the concern expressed by Amnesty International and the United Nations committee on torture, and that it was recommended by Lord Colville, the Government's own adviser, and by the independent police complaints body and the Standing Advisory Commission on Human Rights?
I am sure that the Secretary of State will join me in expressing in the House sympathy for my constituent's family on the murder of Mr. Newell, a member of the Ulster Defence Regiment.
Within government and through the Community we have often expressed our views and, sometimes our protests, about the nature of the Israeli military occupation of the west bank, east Jerusalem and Gaza.
That is a good response by the Brazilian Government to the concerns that have been expressed on both sides of the House.
If the Arbitration Commission expresses a negative view about any one of the republics, there is no collective decision to implement, and countries will be able to make their own assessment.
The hon. Gentleman's hon. and learned Friend has as much right to express his views as the hon. Gentleman had.
Not only our farmers but everyone else would suffer if we followed the views expressed yesterday by the Leader of the Opposition.
I sincerely express the hope that when my hon. Friend visits Southend-on-Sea his train there and his train back will be on time.
I can confirm that the new Networker turbo class 165 trains will be in service in the May timetable this year — that will bring an improvement of the service on the Thames line — and the Networker express class 166 trains will arrive next year.
That is not the view of local industrial leaders as expressed in an article in The Economist this month.
It was interesting to read in the Daily Express about Labour's plan for a luxury VAT rate.
Does the Minister recall that when we discussed these matters during the passage of the Finance Bill the then Financial Secretary, now Chancellor of the Exchequer, expressed passionate enthusiasm for workers' control?
Employee share ownership trusts are a relatively small part of the Government's provision of tax relief for employee share ownership, but it would be very nice to hear the hon. Member for Newcastle upon Tyne, East (Mr. Brown) express on behalf of the Labour Front Bench wholehearted enthusiasm for what we believe in, which is giving employees in companies real ownership of the companies that they work for.
It is not a bureaucratic response at all; it simply expresses the statutory duty placed on the Inland Revenue by the House — that is , the duty to collect tax which is properly due.
Does the Attorney-General accept that the many letters protesting at his view about Sunday trading, as expressed in the House, suggest that the matter should be reconsidered by the Government, especially as the approach appears to be inconsistent and hypocritical?
I am aware of concerns that have been expressed about this aspect of the law.
I understand the concern that has been expressed in the House and in the country about this.
I strongly share the view expressed by my hon. Friend.
Is my right hon. Friend aware that some three weeks ago I spoke to the business community in Blackpool, who expressed concern about the possibility of local government reform?
Does my right hon. Friend agree that general anger was expressed in the House last week at British Steel's decision to close Ravenscraig?
May I draw to my hon. Friend's attention a report in the Sunday Express pointing out that paramilitaries convicted of bombing and murder are sheltering in the Republic are drawing more than £2 million per week in dole money and social security, paid for by the British taxpayer, while many would face reconviction if they returned to Ulster?
No, but if the hon. Gentleman has views that he would like to express to me on that closure, I should be delighted to hear from him.
Will the Minister release MOD votes to allow local authorities, in collaboration with the MOD, to bring empty housing owned by the local authorities and the MOD up to acceptable standards and then transfer it to local authority control for the express purpose of providing homes to ex-service personnel?
One cannot be certain about that; one can only express an opinion as to the probability.
Will he confirm that contrary to some suspicions expressed in various parts of the media and by some politicians, the major factor in the mind of Her Majesty's Government when forming their policy towards Hong Kong is protecting the interests of Hong Kong and its people?
In view of the fears expressed about the possibility of serious restrictions being placed on the availability of certain nutritional supplements as a result of the new EC regulations, will the Minister give us an assurance that the Government will conduct far wider and genuine consultations on the discussion paper that has been produced by the European Commission?
Will he join me in expressing our deep respect, our loyal affection and our good wishes to Her Majesty on the 40th anniversary of her accession?
May I join the Prime Minister — and, I am sure, the whole House — in sending good wishes to Her Majesty, and in expressing the admiration that I know is felt throughout our country, the Commonwealth and, indeed, the wider world for the wisdom, strength and dedication that Her Majesty has invariably shown throughout the four decades in which she has been our sovereign?
May I associate myself, my right hon. and hon. Friends and our party with the sentiments expressed by the Prime Minister on the 40th anniversary of Her Majesty's accession to the throne?
Is he aware of early day motion 580, already signed by 165 hon. Members, which expresses the views of Back Benchers and their loyalty and congratulations to Her Majesty?
My hon. Friend expresses sentiments that are shared by the whole House.
May I associate my right hon. and hon. Friends with the tribute paid by the Prime Minister to Her Majesty the Queen, and may I join in the other congratulations already expressed?
The point that I was seeking to make a moment ago — I reiterate it now — is that I think that it is to the advantage of everyone in Northern Ireland for the politicians of Northern Ireland, of all shades of opinion, to come together, to talk and to express their mutual wish for peace in Northern Ireland.
Does the Prime Minister believe that pensioners were paid too much in 1979, or will he express regret at that meanness and raise pensions in line with Labour's plans?
I join the hon. Gentleman in expressing our sorrow at that tragic loss.
Is the Minister aware that Japanese employers in Wales recently expressed concern about the level of skills of possible recruits?
Is my right hon. Friend aware that when the shadow Chancellor recently visited the James Halstead group in my constituency — it employs more than 400 people and is successful in making good profits — he expressed satisfaction to the local media that most of the technology that he saw was British-made and that most of it had been made 20 miles from Bury?
I respect my hon. Friend's strong personal feelings, but I point out to him that Parliament has expressed its view very strongly.
Parliament has already expressed its view that investigations should proceed and, if necessary, prosecutions should be brought.
Again, I respect my hon. Friend's strongly held personal views, but Parliament has expressed its views and I cannot add anything to the answer that I gave to the two previous questions.
Interestingly, however, each time that the topic is raised in the House of Commons, very diverse views are expressed.
Would it not be a good thing if the Government explained to the people of Wolverhampton, perhaps even by taking an advertisement in the Express and Star, that the gross overspending has continued year after year because Wolverhampton council has seen education in terms of employing people in schools, not in terms of providing good education?
Despite the sympathy expressed by the judge in court, there is no way in which that business man can legally make a claim against the Northern Ireland Office.
Everybody concerned has expressed an interest in returning to them.
Will he convey to the Prime Minister what I know to be the view of the three party leaders who represent Northern Ireland in the House — that we are endeavouring diligently to meet the wishes that he expressed at the Downing street meeting on 11 February?
The Minister's comments may be helpful in the House, but they will not allay the concern that has been expressed throughout Northern Ireland — for example, in Upper Bann — about the amount of money that is needed to deal with the problem of concrete cancer at Craigavon hospital.
On the eve of the first anniversary of the Gulf war, will my right hon. Friend join me in expressing our gratitude to our armed forces, our commitment to the independence of Kuwait and our determination to ensure that Saddam Hussein and his generals comply with all international sanctions or suffer the consequences?
I am sure that the Prime Minister will join me in expressing the utmost admiration for the Australian people and the great commonwealth of Australia.
It is even odder that many of the people about whom the hon. Gentleman expresses concern are precisely those who would suffer from Labour's proposed savings tax.
The Secretary of State pointed out in his last answer that on 21 February he expressed sympathy with some of the supporters of the regiments, and he said that he would have been standing outside under the same banners.
Did he also note in the same letter the noble lord expressed the view that it may be possible to adapt Tridents to fill a sub-strategic role?
I can give him the assurance that both he and the local authority in his constituency will have ample opportunity to express their views on how best to design the line to reduce the environmental impact.
A number of people have expressed their concern that there are almost 200 miles of motorway without one.
Certainly the Government will take into account all the views expressed during the consultation period.
It is because of the concern expressed by my hon. Friend and others that the Government are committed to a further increase in the use of the’ lane rental’method of procurement of motorway repairs.
To ask the Secretary of State for Employment what are the latest unemployment figures for the Sheffield travel-to-work area expressed as a percentage.
Indeed, I owe a great deal to Leo Amery for his wisdom, advice and the views that he expressed.
In one of his writings, Lord Milner endeavoured to define patriotism, which he expressed as being the desire to ensure that everybody who is born a citizen of one's country should rejoice in the birthright of being a citizen of that country.
In our approach to those negotiations, we have been guided by the views expressed in debates in the House.
My point is that I see nothing in the Gracious Speech to enable me to counter the opinions expressed by our European partners who are still proud to know us but bemused that we have a Britain which in their eyes is no longer as great as it was.
I share the agony that he expressed about the way in which Yugoslavia is tearing itself apart, not least because of some loose cannons in the Yugoslav army.
On European monetary and economic union, I will say only that I wholeheartedly support the views expressed by my right hon. Friends the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
I say simply that I support the views of my hon. Friend the Member for Chichester (Mr. Nelson) and of the hon. Member for Middlesbrough (Mr. Bell) rather than other views that have been expressed today.
Although my hon. Friends the Member for Billericay (Mrs. Gorman) and for Basildon and I had certain concerns about the overall reorganisation proposed — my hon. Friend the Member for Billericay and I expressed them very forcefully, as my hon. Friend the Minister knows — we took exactly the same line as the community health council on the centralisation of casualty.
On behalf of the Opposition, and indeed the whole House, I wish to express our sympathy to the victims and their families of what can only be described as a crime against humanity.
I am grateful to the hon. Gentleman not only for the sympathy he expressed to the families of those killed and injured, but for his support for the courageous efforts of the security forces.
On behalf of the Ulster Unionist party, I join other hon. Members in expressing our sympathy to the families of those who have been killed and to all who were injured in the incident at the Musgrave Park hospital at the weekend.
I, too, express my sympathy to his family and to his fiance e and her family.
I should like to express to the House on behalf of the people whom I represent and my party our deep feeling of revulsion at what has taken place and our deepest sympathy for those who have suffered.
All right-thinking people in Northern Ireland, whatever their creed, politics or vision, will join with us as we express that heartfelt sympathy and deep revulsion.
I am grateful to the hon. Gentleman for the way in which he expressed his sympathy and that of his party and his revulsion at the events that have occurred.
I am grateful to the hon. Gentleman for the sympathy that he has expressed, and I share his sense of encouragement, brought about by the action taken by individual members of the community and groups which are seeking to call an end to the terrible experiences that we have all had.
I join the House in expressing sympathy to the families who have been so griveously bereaved through this tragedy, a tragedy that has been the experience of so many of the British people in Ulster over the past 20 years.
I join right hon. and hon. colleagues, obviously, in expressing sympathy for the families of the bereaved.
Does he accept that there has been a cut in the TEC's budgets and that many are expressing concern about meeting his guarantees as a result?
Do the views expressed in it represent his views and the views of the whole of his party, or the views of only one part of his Front-Bench team?
With the greatest respect, I must say that I am puzzled and that I could not follow the argument as first expressed.
Today, a number of my hon. Friends have expressed their regret at some of the omissions from the Queen's Speech.
I will favour the right hon. Gentleman by quoting one thought that was expressed in that article:’ If the single person discount remains a feature of the tax they will have to create a register — a point Michael Heseltine will eventually have to acknowledge.
He expressed concern that he was not getting sufficient sleep to carry out work as a driver, to which he hoped to return shortly.
That view was expressed by everyone on the Opposition Benches and a few Conservative Members, but was ignored as the Government arrogantly used the power of an artificial majority to force the poll tax through.
That may be expressed in simple terms, but it is the reality.
He has expressed extreme concern about the nuisance which would be caused during the construction of the bridges to take the channel under the A4, the M4 and the London to Bristol railway line.
The Taplow council has expressed particular concern about the disruption of the A4 Slough to Maidenhead road that construction of the channel will cause.
I understand and have previously heard the views that the hon. Gentleman has just expressed.
I have expressed the view held by the whole of the committee, which represents countries with Governments of various political colours and is made up of members belonging to various political parties.
During the five minutes that he spoke about the Bill in his 52-minute speech he was floored by his own seconds — Conservative Back Benchers — when they expressed their concern.
My hon. Friend the Member for Makerfield (Mr. McCartney) expressed his anger at Conservative Back Benchers who had supported the poll tax measures and who are now trooping forth to support this Bill.
However, we are aware of the concerns that have been expressed about the system as compared with the arrangements in England and Wales, where appeals are made to valuation and community charge tribunals.
The hon. Member for Birmingham, Hall Green (Mr. Hargreaves) also intervened in the Secretary of State's speech yesterday, expressing anxiety about the new tax.
The truth of the matter was expressed by the hon. Member for Aldridge-Brownhills (Mr. Shepherd), who has spoken so well on such questions in recent years and protested each time the Government resorted to fresh guillotine motions.
She reiterated the Governments view’ first expressed by us in 1985 that the majority of full-time students should not have access to benefits as a means of supporting themselves whilst studying.’
That view — first expressed six years ago — has now been given effect, and it is universally accepted that students are denied housing benefit and, in the majority of cases, housing support.
In recent months a good deal of concern has been expressed about students no longer having access to benefits over the summer vacation.
However, does the right hon. Gentleman recognise that profound disquiet has been expressed about some of the proposals in the Bill, particularly the fast-track ones?
The letter published in The Times today from the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster expresses the profound disquiet among many people who are concerned about genuine asylum seekers.
How can people be expected to submit detailed applications when, for a variety of social reasons and through no fault of their own, they do not have the wherewithal, information and literacy to express themselves?
If they are not, I fear that the worries that I will express tonight will be fulfilled.
It is truly a privilege to follow a maiden speech, and I am sure that I express the view of right hon. and hon. Members in all parts of the House in extending a warm welcome to the hon. Member for Hemsworth (Mr. Enright) and complimenting him on his words.
That will be expressed perhaps in terms of target response, waiting time and accuracy in carrying out the service, and always in terms of courtesy and helpfulness from staff.
When things go wrong, people want an apology properly expressed, and they should be entitled to one.
This White Paper expresses our determination that the taxpayers' money which the nation can afford should buy the best quality services for our citizens.
I am grateful to the hon. Gentleman for expressing the support of his party for our proposals.
His method of expressing himself often has its imperfections.
I am sorry, but the Prime Minister — I am sure without any intention — is not right about the way that he expressed himself on that point.
I much prefer expressing my views publicly in the House to my constituents and others.
There is the Government's view, which seems to see a large market as an end in itself, and there is the view expressed by my right hon. Friend, which sees a large market as successful only if it improves the quality of life of our citizens.
Will my right hon. Friend note that, with 82 hon. Members wishing to express an opinion in the debate later this afternoon, any suggestion that the additional two hours provided is adequate is clearly wide of the mark?
Although he may not care to remember as far back as a fortnight ago, does he recollect that every candidate in the Kincardine and Deeside by-election, including his own, expressed opposition to the opt-out proposals?
I entirely share the views which my right hon. Friend the Prime Minister expressed this afternoon.
National sovereignty and popular sovereignty in a Europe so wide will require not only more effective national Parliaments but Europewide instruments to express and administer Europe.
I voted and expressed my view.
The right hon. Member for Finchley was right yesterday to express concern from her point of view that the Foreign Secretary was a bit wobbly on majority voting.
I am sorry if the Minister finds it difficult to understand that, when I say’ personally’in this respect, I mean that I am expressing my view and the view of my party.
Only yesterday a delegation from the Manufacturing Science Finance Union, MSF, came to the House to express its concern about big organisations, such as GEC, which have significant defence contracts.
I shall not attempt to express an opinion, but I well remember a very good party that was held in our front room in Portmanmoor road, Splott, back in 1970.
Concern has been expressed about the letter sent to my right hon. and learned Friend the Secretary of State for Transport by Senor Carlo Ripa di Meana.
That will give London its first express route across the capital and it will be a boon to many travellers.
Baxter, rather weakly, tried to find a virtue in separating the express and local services.
Now, unemployment among unskilled black people is six times higher than among whites, because employers have to pay the same rate to both, and they express their prefence by choosing white employees.
He is aware that the BMA has expressed considerable reservations about the enforcement of the levels and about the legislation, particularly given the lack of experience of the transport police in administering the law in respect of railway staff.
I hope that he will take on board some of the concerns that have been expressed to me.
The confederation asks why, after two recessions and amid the deepest recession since the war, the Government show no sign of listening to the pleas made, or to the concerns expressed on the training front and, more importantly, on the need for investment.
Does the Secretary of State remember the response of the Grampian area medical committee, which expressed concern that the additional resources consumed by the trust will put at risk priority specialties such as psychiatry, geriatric medicine and physical disability?
Indeed, all the consultants, doctors, local health councils and general practitioners have expressed their opposition.
I can understand why some in the medical profession express anxiety.
Indeed, other hospitals have expressed interest in growing and developing.
The hon. Lady will know that there is an attractive £60 million new hospital in Elgin — the West Grampian unit — and that may well be among those expressing an interest in trust status in due course.
I will give the same careful scrutiny to that application, if it reaches me, as I shall give to applications from Princess Margaret Rose orthopaedic hospital, from Lothian college of nursing, from the Victoria infirmary in Glasgow or from any others which express interest.
The prison governors have said that it is too draconian, and the Prison Officers Association has expressed the view that it is an unnecessary knee-jerk reaction to a deeply serious problem.
I share the doubt that has been expressed about that change.
At that time, our views were expressed eloquently by my right hon. Friend the Member for Birmingham, Sparbrook (Mr. Hattersley).
Our view of the Bill has been expressed most clearly by the Government themselves in their White Paper,’ The Prison Disciplinary System of England and Wales’, which was published in 1986 in response to the Prior committee report.
Hon. Members have expressed deep concern about the plight of the sheep farmer, especially the hill farmer, on whom milk quotas have a direct effect.
It was significant that the right hon. Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Mr. Sheldon) expressed two views — that an independent central bank was a bad thing, and that there are worse problems than inflation.
We deplore the fact that this drug causes the death of unborn human beings and we express our grave concern that it will damage women physically and psychologically.’
I wish to call attention to the need for regional government in England, and I beg to move,’ That this House deplores the excessive centralisation of government in the United Kingdom since 1979 and the failure to decentralise and devolve power to the nations and regions of the United Kingdom; notes that this is in direct contrast to the general trend towards decentralisation evidence elsewhere in Europe; furthermore deplores the severe cuts in the regional assistance budget since 1979 together with the failure to enact dynamic and effective regional economic policies which would have promoted balanced economic growth and prosperity; expresses alarm at the regional divisions which continue to characterise the United Kingdom economy; and considers that the creation of a regional tier of government in the English regions as well as national devolution to Scotland and Wales is now vital to the United Kingdom's future economic and political well-being.
The vast majority of district and county councils that responded to our recent consultation paper on the structure of local government in England expressed their desire to become unitary authorities.
In contrast, only 26 out of nearly 1,900 respondents expressed a desire for regional government.
The House will wish to join me in expressing our sympathy with those who were injured and our hopes for their speedy recovery.
I wrote to Sir Bob Reid, the chairman of British Rail, over 12 months ago expressing my constituents' concern.
Indeed, may I express once again our great admiration for the skill and courage of those involved in our emergency services?
I share the view expressed by the hon. Member for Birmingham, Selly Oak (Mr. Beaumont-Dark): it does not matter whether those involved in fraud, the rip-off of investors of the misuse of pension funds belong to any political party, or to no political party.
I understand the reservations expressed by hon. Members on both sides of the House about the speed with which the Bill is being enacted.
They expressed various other concerns, few of which are addressed in the Bill.
That is not an ideological or party-political point; real concern has been expressed by our professional associations and by those who practise in the courts.
It was refreshing to hear the hon. and learned Member for Burton (Mr. Lawrence) express his misgivings about this part of the Bill.
We expressed our reservations about the conditions attached to the pay review body — both the preconditions and the ability of the Minister or the Secretary of State to interfere at a later date.
We welcome the promise of consultation on the report of the pay review body and hope that when that consultation takes place the Government will listen to the views expressed.
I thank those who took part in it, and I echo the gratitude that they expressed to the interim advisory committee as the end of its days draws nigh.
Does my right hon. Friend recall that, at one time, considerable concern was expressed that the Marches, including Herefordshire, would not have the opportunity to contribute fully towards the defence of the realm in terms of reserve activities?
He has expressed some fairly pungent criticisms, but his point is interesting, and I take note of it.
Paragraph 94 expresses dismay that the funding of nursing home care should be private, and that health authority managers should draw a distinction between the elderly and others who need care.
It could scarcely be more vivid in their memories than it is in mine, but what is also vivid in my memory is the aftermath of those events, which was the Government's sensible accommodation of the fears and anxieties that had been expressed.
I am grateful to my hon. Friend and constituency neighbour for giving way so that I can express the East Lothian interest in Monktonhall because Musselburgh bay lies under the east Lothian coast.
We have produced reports year after year expressing anxiety at what was happening to the British coal industry.
They do not share the views that the hon. Gentleman has just expressed.
The Leader of the Opposition previously expressed three conditions for joining a single currency.
The reason for not accepting what people call the social chapter, which is in reality the imposition of labour laws that would damage our competitiveness, is that we intend to keep our competitiveness and we are not prepared to lose our competitiveness against Japan and the United States, even though that is the express policy of the Labour party.
In the spirit of affability, may I congratulate the Government on one of the changes that they made some time ago, in which they followed fairly accurately the views expressed in early-day motion 488, which noted that when’ the Social Fund cold weather payments scheme trigger mechanism was put to a serious test it collapsed three times under the weight of its own absurdity the scheme is inadequate, inefficiently targeted and wasteful as the cost of advertising and administration are unjustifiably high; and urges a new saving limit of £3,000 that would create a fully automatic scheme’.
I share many of the reservations expressed by my hon. Friend about the wisdom of that course of action — certainly in the short term.
Has any consideration been given to allowing right hon. and hon. Members to express an opinion on that matter, either on the Floor of the House or in European Standing Committee B?
Right hon. and hon. Friends could replicate that experience and express the same concern about urban and rural areas throughout Wales and England.
Commercial organisations like the Co-operative Retail Society, the Co-operative Wholesale Society, Marks & Spencer and Iceland have expressed their horror that the Government should so abdicate their responsibility as to say,’ We shall do nothing if you break the law,’and weakly add the unconvincing refrain, as the Home Office Minister did,’But we'd rather like it if you didn't.’
I sympathise with the views expressed.
When he expressed anxiety about people who cannot pay their mortgages, he sounded like the Walrus and the Carpenter — weeping tears as he ate the oysters.
If the hon. Member for Hammersmith (Mr. Soley) and his Labour colleagues around the country, who control far more houses than the Government, showed even a tiny percentage of the indignation that he is now attempting to express about empty houses in Swindon in relation to the 5,000 empty houses in Labour-controlled Liverpool, the 2,800 in Labour-controlled Salford, the 2,000 in Labour-controlled Newham, the 5,500 in Labour-controlled Manchester, the 2,000 in Labour-controlled Newcastle, the 1,000 in Labour-controlled Knowsley, and so on—
If the hon. Gentleman had showed even a tiny amount of the indignation that he expresses about empty houses in Swindon in relation to all those in areas under Labour control, there would be scarcely any problems of homelessness in Britain.
Of course I appreciate the concerns expressed by the hon. Member for Londonderry, East on behalf of his constituents.
I am therefore surprised to hear the hon. Member for Ogmore express concern at our reluctance to reach a decision until the European Court of Justice makes its pronouncement.
I am not sure that I can agree with the last sentiment that my hon. Friend expressed.
In Committee, we had long discussions about that, and were genuinely sympathetic to the worries expressed by the citizens advice bureaux.
I know that the Minister has a different view from that which the Prime Minister has expressed on such matters.
He knows very well, because he is against a single currency in principle, like his predecessor, the right hon. Member for Blaby (Mr. Lawson), who clearly expressed his views — which, I think, are shared by the present Chancellor — in an article in one of the tabloid newspapers.
It has, at the moment, absolutely no institutions through which to express itself.
My dear friend — if I may so describe him — the previous Foreign Secretary, who resigned from the right hon. Lady's Government over Europe, was equally thrilled, although he did not express himself — he never does — in quite such colourful language.
The narrow nationalism expressed by people who want to cling to total sovereignty for the United Kingdom is rather like the arguments we hear from Scottish and Welsh nationalists — unrealistic and out of date.
The Government have expressed their horror at such attacks on the police, but they also need to act.
That restriction was introduced because of the concern expressed about the old Vagrancy Act and the sus laws.
I am sure that the House joins me, the hon. Member for Leyton and my hon. Friend the Member for Uxbridge (Mr. Shersby) in expressing deepest sympathy to the families of the officers who so tragically lost their lives in the course of duty.
We welcome the Government's express commitment to ring-fence the funds that the regional health authorities will administer but we remain concerned about how long that will last.
My right hon. Friend the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland has expressed the view that, unless the outstanding issues are resolved in the near future, it is unlikely that political talks could begin before the election because of a lack of time; but the Government very much hope that the obstacles will be overcome and that the talks can then begin.
I have read the early-day motion, and the Government share the concern that is expressed in it.
I am grateful to the hon. Gentleman for expressing his approval that a statement should be made today.
I should like to express here, as I have done outside the House, my deepest sympathy to the bereaved and to the families of those who were injured.
I express my sympathy, along with that of my two parliamentary colleagues who are at funerals in Northern Ireland, for the families of those who have been killed and send our sincere wishes to those who have been seriously injured for a speedy and full recovery.
May I and my right hon. and hon. Friends join in expressing sympathy for those who died or were injured in the atrocity in County Tyrone on Friday?
The strong views expressed on both sides of the House — which in itself is unusual, divided as it is in its political structure — on the way that the right hon. Gentleman has carried out his job should send a clear message to the IRA: that it will not bomb its way to the conference table; it will not affect us now; it will not affect us during the general election; and it will not affect us after the general election.
As for my right hon. Friend's personal position, may I express my admiration for the frank and manly way in which he has offered his resignation?
He will know, as other hon. Members do, of the considerable doubts being expressed by politicians from all parties in Germany.
I recognise that periodic doubts are expressed about the overall German commitment to the project.
Many constituents write to me regularly, expressing themselves strongly and loudly of the opinion, or in some cases the fact, that there has been serious abuse of the immigration laws.
[That this House regrets the Government's failure to deal with the imminent threat of wholesale breaches of the law on Sunday trading; expresses concern that Ministers appear to be running away from their responsibility to uphold the law as soon as one or more large commercial organisations express their intention to ignore the law; greatly regrets the way that this situation puts pressure on responsible and law-abiding retailers to open on Sundays simply to protect their market share; further regrets the damage that is likely to be done to small shops and family businesses as a consequence; considers that sensible progress to modernising the law should be made on the basis of the REST proposals put forward by Keep Sunday Special; and calls on the Government actively to pursue the regulation of Sunday trading in a way which deals fairly with employees, their families and with community and commercial interests.]
The House did not take a decision on the Bill or express a view on it.
I congratulate Yarrow on its good fortune in securing a contract for three ships at once, but I must express some dismay on behalf of Vosper Thornycroft, Southampton, which has built many naval ships in the past.
I do not believe that the House would expect me to comment on Mr. Thorpe's particular case, beyond expressing the sympathy of the House for his condition.
I have a general word of thanks to members of the Labour and Liberal Democrat parties who have given me their support and, through them, to the various councils in their areas which have also expressed support for the Bill.
A variety of opinions was expressed in Committee, and at the end of our debates some of the opinions were slightly different from those held at the start of our Committee proceedings.
When so many different strands of opinion oppose privatisation — a view that will undoubtedly be expressed today — is it not stupid for the Government to introduce the Bill in their dying days?
If the hon. Gentleman had participated in our debates in Committee, he would have heard a wide range of differing views and opinions expressed by the various parties in Northern Ireland — and, to some extent, by people within the same party.
Secondly, it has expressed fears about changing a public sector monopoly into a private sector monopoly, and expressed concern about consumer protection.
Contrary to the claims of the TUC, only a minority of employers have expressed reservations about the change in the law that we propose to make.
Sussex Members and others have received strong representations from the governors and head teachers of numerous schools expressing great concern that inspections should take place only once every four years.
I was not dealing with that important overall view, which the hon. Gentleman also expressed at length yesterday.
The Royal College of Nursing has expressed its particular concern that trust employers might offer a poor deal to nurses who want to undertake training courses.
May I express my satisfaction that the Prime Minister does not now take the reluctant attitude towards the establishment of a rouble stabilisation fund that he did in July and August last year when I put that proposal to him?
I therefore invite him to express his regret that, according to the figures published by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office last week, United Kingdom support for United Nations development agencies has been cut by 38 per cent.
We on this side of the House will continue to propose and to support policies which give practical effect to the hope for a new and durable world order of peace, liberty, and prosperity which was expressed again at the United Nations last week.
How can it be consistent — perhaps the Prime Minister will answer the question now, since he did not answer the Leader of the Opposition — for the Prime Minister's policy to be as expressed in the statement but for that policy to be opposed to a comprehensive test ban treaty?
Concern has been expressed about people's HIV status appearing on returns.
Some concern has been expressed by the Select Committee on Home Affairs and others at the incompleteness and inaccuracy of the records because of the difficulties of updating the present manual system.
The feelings of the young hon. Member for Gedling (Mr. Mitchell) about the way in which local government has broken up were expressed subjectively and I suspect that he will not agree with me when I say that they seemed to date from about 1979 — and we know what happened in 1979 when the hon. Member for Finchley (Mrs. Thatcher) was first elected.
He expressed anxiety about the public accountability of the funding council, and in particular who was to look after the strategic planning.
Briefly, I should like to respond to the Secretary of State and to express my thanks to my hon. Friends who have contributed positively to improving the Bill.
Many apprehensions about academic freedom have been expressed, but we are moving towards a solution of that problem.
This was because of the number of concessions made by the Minister, who on the whole gave a sympathetic response to many of the concerns expressed by members.
I was making the point that if we judge concern for safety by the money spent on it, then by any measurement or definition, it is a sad indictment of the official concern expressed in the 1980s.
Let me yet again express the view that Lord Cullen and his staff have produced a document of world-class significance — in, given the circumstances, a remarkably short time.
Very considerable concern has been expressed about the ventilation systems, not least in relation to the lavatories on some of the platforms.
The danger is that, if the guillotine motion goes through, the writers of the suitcase full of letters from my constituency will feel outraged, and they will express that outrage in the way that one would expect.
Perhaps not surprisingly, the Germans expressed higher sources of job-related stress particularly in terms of pressure arising from the ‘home-work interface’, ‘organisational structure and climate’ and ‘career and achievement’.
However, despite a considerable amount of research, there is as yet no theoretical model of the relevant processes that is explicit enough to be expressed in the form of a computer program.
The purpose of this research is to develop a theoretical model of human short-term memory, expressed in the form of a computer program, and to undertake psychological experiments to test the predictions of the model.
One aim is to describe the meanings which children express through the use of their earliest words; a second aim is to investigate the sources of these meanings.
The morpheme is the smallest unit of language that expresses meaning and is governed by the grammatical rules of the language.
Expressive tools give children opportunity to express on the computer their own ideas about reality, so that they can learn through representing, exploring and reflecting on the consequences of their own models.
If we acknowledge the importance of respecting the child's own ways of thinking, we need to find ways for that thinking to be expressed so that it can be reflected on, and to know how far doing this can also help learning.
There is evidence of a growing interest in payment systems in a variety of quarters, e.g. amongst economists there is renewed interest in the link between productivity and the way labour is paid; management theorists are paying more attention to new forms of payment within their overall interest in making in making firms more responsive; and amongst managers and government officials there has been considerable interest expressed in performance-related pay, merit-pay and profit-sharing.
The 1983 Energy Act deregulated electricity supply and followed government initiatives to deregulate sectors such as express coaching, telecoms apparatus and gas.
In 1980 the government completely deregulated express buses and introduced some experiments in deregulation of local buses on the grounds that the protection induced inefficiency by the selected operators, and, by causing fares to be higher and services poorer than would otherwise be the case on the more profitable routes, accentuated the move to the car and the further decline of public transport.
The areas chosen for the case studies — in Lombardy and Emilia — are intended to reflect very different patterns of modernisation; the first, relatively slow and perhaps therefore politically stable; the second, remarkably rapid and perhaps therefore producing class polarisation and a high level of political militance expressed through the passage from socialism to fascism, and then to communism.
In consequence, it is clearly important that the average constituent/consumer has ample opportunity for expressing any dissatisfaction with decisions which have been taken in relation to them.
Assuming that the meaning of a word is the concept it expresses, this question concerns the way that lexical concepts combine.
Information in the knowledge base will be expressed in a version of ‘property theory’.
The Creoles have recently been shown to be tonal, to express grammatical relations and even vocabulary differences (though rarely) through relative pitch differences on individual syllables.
Thematically, in a the subject is the agent of the action and the object is the patient, in b the subject is the patient and it is not necessary to express the agent.
This is a short self-administered questionnaire containing weighted items which express lay perceptions of discomfort and distress.
3 Migration and comparative issues includes a comparative analysis of the African-Caribbean diaspora in the UK and Canada; a study of refugees in Europe looking at two aspects: a critical examination of European initiatives to harmonise policy on asylum, and a study of the refugees themselves as they organise and express their view through their own associations; and a study of the participation of ethnic minorities in the 1990 local elections and the next general election.
A major theme of the study will be the syncratic nature of the new wedding ceremonies and the ways in which local and western symbols and rituals are combined to express current ideas about marriage and the family.
Since one of the points at issue is the question of universality, the research will focus on the language of the emotions and the range of terms available in the vernacular to express them.
Japanese language has a number of speech forms which express status differences.
The purpose of the project is to spell out the explicit philosophy of power, equality, and materiality expressed by the Piaroa in cosmology, shamanic exegesis of it, and in daily rhetoric, to relate this philosophy to everyday practice, and to define in which ways the Piaroa rhetoric of equality and individualism is to be taken seriously as a fact of daily life.
Major claims have ben made for the benefits of the National Curriculum but much concern has also been expressed at possible negative effects on schools and children.
By investigating current wastes (and the range of wastes from companies which have expressed interest in moving to a clean rural environment) it is intended to evaluate the type and amounts of wastes likely to arise and to establish the most effective means of dealing with them.
These figures were converted into current and constant prices expressed in US dollar terms as a basis for comparison with Western aid and in order to give a more accurate picture of fluctuations.
This project will study the policy positions on global environmental change taken by three Latin American governments (Brazil, Colombia and Costa Rica) at UNCED and after it; monitor the impact on public opinion of the UNCED process itself, as expressed through magazine and news stories; and via interviews, evaluate the input of industrial, military, agricultural, trade union and voluntary organisations to the process of policy formation, in these three countries.
By comparing political choices for national and local elections as expressed in November 1985 and again in May 1986, and contrasting those respondents who lived in areas with elections (in May 1986) with those who lived in places without elections (in May 1986) it was possible to unravel the complexities of the relationships
AQUARIUS You can't go far wrong this week when it comes to expressing yourself.
But express more of your own unique talents as well!
Zeta's Lad put in a smooth performance to beat Docklands Express (fourth in the National last year) and Bradbury Star with Royal Athlete fourth.
Always lying handy as Coco Dancer led for most of the trip, Limeridge took up the running from Coco Dancer going to the last fence and at this stage was hotly pursued by the favourite Canute Express.
Canute Express finished second and Jimmy's Double third.
Zeta's Lad beat Docklands Express, Bradbury Star and Royal Athlete that day and must have a chance on this sort of form.
To express their grief over the Warrington atrocity, the people of Dublin sent thousands of floral tributes to Liverpool this morning with the Irish Air Corps.
This was back in 1986 when Canute Express won the Janneau Mersey Novices Hurdle under Lorcan Wyer.
Profitable route for National Express
NATIONAL Express has enjoyed a one-way ticket to profitability, the coach operator revealed today in its first results since it floated on the stock market.
The core business, National Express, was badly affected by the recession as passenger journeys last year fell to 10.5 million from 11.8 million.
Looking to the future, National Express, which floated in December, said passenger numbers would continue to be affected until there was an obvious improvement in the economy.
LINDA McCartney, wife of former Beatle Paul McCartney, has written to Australian Prime Minister Paul Keating to express disgust at the premier's investment in a pig farm.
The Leader of the House, G V Wright, expressed revulsion at the shocking act of IRA terrorism.
He said he was sure all members of the Senate would join with him in expressing a feeling of outrage at ‘this appalling atrocity’ and in conveying deepest sympathy to the families affected and the other residents of Warrington.
He said he would continue to express the views put to him by his constituents ‘without apology to anyone’.
‘This is a story about love and the courage to express it when you feel it,’ says Gibson.
President Peter Quinn today welcomed the sponsorship package and expressed the hope that it will help to enhance the leagues.
‘The course provided an arena for learning, for expressing doubts and exchanging experiences,’ she said.
The UN's Commission on Human Rights has passed a resolution expressing ‘grave concern’ over human rights violations in the Middle East country, making mention of the religious discrimination against Baha's.
National Express, which stormed back into the black in line with its own forecasts at the time of flotation in December, added a penny to 192p.
He joined the people of Britain and Ireland in expressing his own sadness at the carnage.
To refer to one man expressing his legitimate grievance as ‘people like you’ again serves to perpetuate this myth of a small bank of ne-er do wells who exist solely to harass poor, inoffensive Mr Jackson.
But, while Border expressed his delight with the form of strike bowler McDermott, Gooch admitted: ‘We were just not capable of splitting Border and Mark Waugh when we needed to.
And Irish Football League secretary Harry Wallace today expressed his disbelief at Best 's decision to promote the Pele videos.
The other penultimate heat sees winners Express Tico and Miss Woolco in opposition.
Registering 30.80, Davy McClenaghan's black bitch was always holding the staying-on Mineola Gift and she'll be hard to beat again if beating Express to the corner.
Investors were expressing relief about a partial solution to the contracts issue, which has become entangled in the row between China and Britain over Hong Kong's political future.
They expressed ‘serious regret and disappointment at the prospect of an increase by Guinness’.
Indeed, some of their officials expressed strong opinions on the subject at the time but have since decided to wait and, as one put it, ‘let the team do the talking on the park in Newry.’
He and Newcastle East Labour MP Nick Brown will meet the Prime Minister next Thursday, he said, to ‘express anger about this whole sorry episode’.
What a meaningless and poorly expressed idea.
WE WOULD like to express our outrage that the Direct Labour Organisation of the Housing Executive in Derry is being closed down.
THE Eastern Local Medical Committee representing 386 General Practitioners in the Eastern Board, wishes to express its opposition to the proposed withdrawal of 1,200 general surgical and 1,5 operations from the Royal Victoria Hospital.
‘The opinion was also expressed that it was not party policy to come out and support candidates during local elections.
SENIOR figures in the Presbyterian Church are expressing concern at what they perceive as a ‘media bias’ against them when covering matters of public interest.
But the greatest drop of all is in the value of large limousines and executive expresses, which have been hit by a number of factors — not merely the recession.
Gerald Watson's Carnlough based Express Tico took the honours in the other penultimate heat where Miss Woolco was the unlucky victim of first bend crowding.
The Ulster human rights group, the Committee on the Administration of Justice, has expressed its disappointment at the decision.
It is usual for engagement letters for sale mandates to include a phrase along the following lines: ‘The responsibility for the Information Memorandum's factual accuracy and opinions expressed therein will rest with yourselves.
KPMG's FSA classification of clients can be best expressed in terms of the three types of FSA engagement letters which the firm issues:
The terms of all engagement letters should preclude the use of the firm's name in investment advertisements and other public documents without the express consent of the firm in writing.
It is not appropriate for information from confidential comfort letters and, in particular, information contained in long-form reports, to be quoted in investment advertisements and other public documents without our express consent.
It may be preferable to be silent regarding the date for expressions of interest until such time as a number of parties have expressed such interest.
Corporate objectives may be expressed in terms of a range of criteria, including targets for:
However, we should avoid going into too much detail at this stage and, if appropriate, should encourage the target to express interest in attending a non-committal, preliminary meeting where the purchaser can make a comprehensive presentation (see section 0607).
The most common occasion when the agreement is drafted by the seller's solicitors is when the seller is offering a company on a tender basis under which information about the company, together with a draft contract, is sent out to those who express interest and they are required by a specified date to indicate the price they would be prepared to pay for the company and, often, the changes that they would request to the contract.
If any condition is expressed as being a condition to the obligations of one party only, that party would be able unilaterally to waive the condition.
In value added valuation work the views expressed in a report and the valuation are the firm's.
Positive assurance on a series of assertions may only be expressed as the outcome of validation procedures.
Negative assurance may be expressed as a result of review work, on the basis of inquiry and analytical procedures.
a valuation expressed in the form of a conclusion;
Newsflashes are restricted to ten lines (including spaces) and although there is no obligation to back the newsflash with a formal selling document, some further detail will be required for those expressing interest.
Obtain the name of their client who has expressed an interest.
It should be addressed to KPMG and signed by a director or authorised signatory of the company expressing interest.
If further interest is expressed we convey such interest to the accountancy firm acting for the vendor.
While the memorandum should highlight the positive points and potential of the company it is important for the information to be accurate and for opinions expressed to be reasonable.
Responsibility for the memorandum's factual accuracy and the opinions expressed therein will rest, therefore, with the vendors and we may ask for a formal representation from you.
In the first instance, MAS will search our computerised register of some [specify number]acquisitive clients and contacts to identify companies that have expressed a desire to expand in your industry.
Phase I — The enclosed investment overview is being provided to selected parties who have expressed interest in evaluating the possible acquisition of the Company.
[Shareholder]has expressed the desire to dispose of its interest since following its recent refocussing it no longer feels able to act as [name]partner in the [specify]markets.
Unfortunately your offer, as currently expressed, is not sufficiently interesting to my clients.
Each recipient doing business in or organised under the laws of the United States of America or in areas subject to its jurisdiction represents that it is an institutional investor, expressing an interest for its own account and agrees not to purchase, distribute or sell any of the Company's securities or any interest therein except in compliance with the above laws.]
You have expressed an interest in the possible acquisition of the Company and have requested certain information concerning the Company which is non-public, confidential and proprietary in nature.
Until the earliest of (i) the execution by you of a definitive unconditional legally binding agreement regarding the acquisition of the Company;(ii) an acquisition of the Company by a third party;(iii) three years from the date of this Agreement, you agree not to initiate or maintain contact (except for those contacts made in the ordinary course of business) with any officer, director or employee of the Company regarding the Company's business, operations, prospects or finances, except with the express written permission of the Vendors.
You understand and acknowledge that KPMG Peat Marwick and the Vendors make no representations or warranties, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the Information and shall have no liability to you or any other person resulting from your use of the Information.
Not withstanding that these Heads of Agreement are headed ‘Subject to Contract’ and are expressed not to be legally binding, all parties agree as a legally binding commitment that they will treat in absolute confidence the terms of this agreement and discussions in general.
Notwithstanding that these Heads of Agreement are headed ‘Subject to Contract’ and are expressed not to be legally binding, the parties agree as a legally binding commitment that they will treat, unless required by law or regulatory authority, in absolute confidence all terms of this agreement, the purchase and sale agreement and discussions in general.
A.1.2 is not to be affected or limited by any previous or other disclosures, express or implied, to the Purchaser, its officers, representatives or professional advisers.
Opinions expressed are those of the contributors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Alumni Office or Napier University
Some members have expressed anxiety that the Sheriff Court Districts have not yet been made known or published.
The curious, at times seemingly perverse, ambiguity in which the terms of the contract are from time to time expressed is an added reason why no one who has to wrestle with the problems which abound in this area should fail to arm himself with this book.
The Sheriff Principal, in referring to the views of the Sheriff, expressed some doubt as to the entitlement of the pursuers to recover 75 per cent of the contract price if they had no legal justification for refusing to complete the installation.
In Smith v Leech Brain & Co Ltd [1962]2 QB 405, Lord Parker, CJ, applied to a personal injury the rule which is inaccurately expressed in the phrase, ‘the wrongdoer takes his victim as he finds him’.
As an example we would cite one visitor who has already expressed an interest in using the facilities, Dr. F. Sales, Coimbra, Portugal.
Library staff have expressed concern over the numbers of ‘new’ library users, attached formally or informally to RBGE, coming into the library without being introduced.
Following concerns expressed by the Visiting Group, a consultant has made a report on environmental conditions in the Library.
These somewhat simplistic approaches have been the subject of just criticism, e.g. by Dixon 56 , who urged caution on raw citation searching as proof of productivity, but who expressed overall support for its use in conjunction with other measures.
It has been clearly expressed (Anon 1970)4 that merely counting ‘publication rate would not distinguish between the fluency of genius and the loud noises of empty vessels.’
Other SALG members have expressed an interest in exploring similar possibilities.
1993/94 Express Publisher £150
1994/95 Quark Express for DOS £500
We always welcome the views of all staff on computing matters, and if you are unable to attend the meeting in person, you are invited to express your ideas to Dr David Chamberlain, who chairs the Computer Users Group, before the meeting.
CA reported University had approved course in its original form, and that V Heywood had expressed an interest in taking part.
Agreed that discussion be deferred to a later meeting, but the view was expressed that a register of RBGE EC research interests should be held by RMG through CW.
The Group does not share the doubts expressed by the VG on the cost-effectiveness of the Journal, but agrees that the possibilities of joint publication should be explored.
The Group expressed concern over the statement that estimates submitted were incomplete.
‘The opinions expressed during the ‘Action on Age Consultation Programme’ may heavily influence future council planning.
Prince Charles has expressed his interest and support in schemes to improve inner city areas.
Arriving after a gruelling 13 hour flight, appeared bright and full of energy, almost immediately giving a press conference where she expressed her fears for the future of peace and democracy in her country.
What is more, in 1990, the new American Express Mediterranean Open will be off-limits to the South Africans as that company has chosen southern Spain to stage its inaugural event.
"I stopped reading my mail but Sarah (his wife) didn't," Strange said after issuing an apology which said: "I want to express my sincere apologies…no excuse can justify my outburst, and nobody feels as badly as I do."
They grinned or bawled, prefiguring the fixed expressions of their adult lives, solid features emerging from rolls of fat to express the hideous fixity of adult character.
Brian Carter, Torquay Herald Express nature columnist and local conservationist, was then introduced and delivered a nostalgic and hard hitting talk on local and international environmental issues drawing from his experiences.
Yvonne cares passionately about animal causes and is not averse to expressing her opinions in words and deeds — all the more remarkable as she is deaf.
We linked up with the Daily Express to help run the campaign, part of which is to champion the cause of Marine Nature Reserves.
Besides Jane and her three children, we were accompanied by Dr Madeleine Havard, our newly appointed Marine Conservation officer, and a photographer from the Daily Express, John Downing.
Access, American Express, Visa and Diners Club cards welcomed.
According to the official Soviet news agency Tass Gorbachev "declared himself to be in favour of the principle of self-determination stopping short of secession" , and he expressed the conviction that the way towards republican political sovereignty, economic independence and cultural development was a restructuring of the Soviet Union as a federation of sovereign states.
Other officials expressed concern that the proposed mechanism might actually prove to make secession impossible in practice.
Criticism of the current government, expressed publicly in the newspaper of the ruling Somali Revolutionary Socialist Party (SRSP) and at an SRSP central committee meeting on Jan. 8, led the country's President (and SRSP secretary-general), Maj.-Gen.
(In line with a review of the Constitution the President had said in November 1989 that free elections would be held the following year in which "all political currents will be able to express themselves and share power" .)
At the same time, Babangida expressed a commitment to "economic reconstruction, social justice and self-reliance" .
Nelson Mandela's lawyers on Jan. 25 made available to the press copies of a document, originally written by him in prison and given to the then President P. W. Botha in July 1989, which expressed his own view of the urgent need for the government to negotiate with the ANC.
The first clear evidence that the unrest in Kashmir had adversely affected bilateral relations came on Jan. 14 when a spokesman for the Pakistan Foreign Office expressed "deep concern over the deteriorating situation in the Indian-occupied Kashmir" .
More than 300 people were killed and another 430 injured on Jan. 4 when the crowded Zakaria-Bahauddin passenger express hurtled into the rear of a stationary freight train in southern Pakistan.
The driver of the express, who had managed to save his life by leaping out of the engine, blamed station officials for the crash and on Jan. 9 police arrested two Sangi station signalmen.
Up to 3,000 students at Bucharest Polytechnic, as well as demanding sweeping changes in education policy, expressed concern that the NSF was dominated by communists who were trying to ensure that they stayed in power by scheduling the elections so that the emerging political parties would have little time to organize.
At a joint press conference with Gerlach Havel expressed hopes that the path towards a confederation of the two German states would be taken quickly, but added that such a process would have to be part of a pan-European process, and that the neighbours of both German states must be relieved of all anxiety over a greater Germany.
He had also expressed concern at the current Solidarity-led government's abandonment of socialism and moves to adopt capitalist solutions for economic recovery.
In his meeting with Bush, Özal reportedly sought to express his disquiet about a bill passing through the US Congress aimed at marking the "75th anniversary of the Armenian genocide of 1915-23" .
During January 1990 many of those involved in the current round of Middle East peace negotiations expressed their growing sense of disillusionment with the process.
Baker reportedly expressed his dissatisfaction over the slow progress of the peace process, during a meeting in Washington on Jan. 9 with the Norwegian Foreign Minister, Kjell Magne Bondevik.
The two leaders expressed enthusiasm in developing closer ties between their countries during the 1990s and referred to the Malta summit in December 1989 [see pp. 37110-12]as a turning point in their relations and in the disarmament talks.
In an opening address to the session on Jan. 16, Powell had expressed his conviction that "the period of confrontation in Europe must end" , and declared that "as senior military officers" of their respective countries, the seminar's participants were "duty-bound to contribute to the historic process unfolding today across [the European]continent" .
The Czechoslovak Finance Minister, Vaclav Klaus, expressed impatience at the pace of progress envisaged by the communiqué, declaring that Czechoslovakia did "not want to wait for committees" and wished to "start the overhaul tomorrow" .
The final hurdle was overcome on Dec. 18, when the Ministers approved a directive on the question of solvency and capital adequacy for banks-an issue which had already caused deep disagreement, notably in West Germany, where fears had been expressed that it would lead to a dilution of the sector's relatively high national standards.
The ACP countries also expressed concern that the aims of the convention would be jeopardized by the planned introduction of a single market in the Community by 1992, the opening towards East European countries, and the EC's willingness to grant concessions to third countries under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), all of which were expected to lead to a dilution of aid and benefits for ACP countries and to weaken the EC's commitment to the convention.
Increasing concern was expressed throughout the year by women's groups, academics and journalists about the extremist views of the FIS and the lawlessness of its shorta Islamiya (Islamic police), and about intimidation of women and young people by Moslem extremists.
The resolution was on the same lines as that put forward on Oct. 23 by the UN Special Committee on the Implementation of the Declaration on Decolonization, which expressed its"conviction that the pursuit of a direct dialogue between the two parties to the conflict naturally contributed to the (peace) process'.
A widely publicised New York Times report of March 9, 1989, quoted"official US and Swiss sources' expressing their governments' concerns about the development of a chemical plant at the Abu Zaabal military-industrial complex near Cairo, the Egyptian capital.
A communique issued by NATO Defence Ministers at the end of a biannual meeting of the 14-country Defence Planning Committee (DPC) in Brussels, Belgium, on Nov. 28-29, 1989, expressed NATO's determination "not to make any unilateral reductions (in conventional force levels) that could risk undermining the prospect of reaching a CFE accord" .
Speaking in Brussels on Nov. 29 Cheney expressed the hope that the Soviet Union would be persuaded "ultimately to withdraw all its forces from Eastern Europe" .
Following the meeting, different views were expressed on the path which the study would follow.
Also on Dec. 20 the general view was expressed within the TNC that the scene was now set for the major effort necessary to secure a substantial result over the next 11 months, although both within the TNC and (on Dec. 19-20) within the Group of Negotiations on Goods (GNG) various participants voiced concern at a lack of balance in the progress achieved in certain negotiating groups, at developments in the market access groups (especially relating to tariff reductions) and at the devotion of insufficient attention to development issues in many parts of the negotiations.
Three countries-Brazil, India and Japan-were initially identified in May as candidates for such retaliatory action (see p. 36926); at a special GATT Council meeting on June 21 and at the subsequent regular meeting on June 21-22 these three all expressed the apprehension that eventual US action under this provision would undermine GATT and the Uruguay Round, whereas the USA maintained that no trade action had yet been taken and assured the Council of its continuing strong commitment to both GATT itself and to the Uruguay Round.
He expressed gratitude to "the millions of my compatriots and those in every corner of the globe who have campaigned tirelessly for my release" .
We express the hope that a climate conducive to a negotiated settlement can be created soon so that there may no longer be the need for the armed struggle."
The ANC had expressed its opposition to the Zaïre summit in a message to the Organization of African Unity (OAU) on the grounds that it conflicted with OAU resolutions on contacts with South Africa.
At the end of his campaign Ortega announced that it was time to "put away the olive green" (the colour of the Sandinista Army uniform) and expressed the hope that the electoral process would "open a new chapter in co-operation between the USA and Nicaragua" .
In Hong Kong itself, the response was largely negative, although some members of the business community expressed satisfaction that the uncertainty caused by the drafting process had ended.
After the vote Etpison expressed his disappointment over the result which he attributed to a weariness towards the issue by the voters, a sentiment apparently underlined by the comparatively low turnout.
Dorota Symonides polled 67 per cent in the second round of voting compared with 32 per cent for Henryk Krol, the leader of the Silesian German Minority Cultural Association, after a campaign during which conflicting Polish and German nationalist sentiments had been expressed.
Gorbachev expressed regret over the "unfounded invasion of Czechoslovakia" in 1968, according to Soviet reports.
This easing of border controls appeared to be an attempt by officials on both sides of the frontier to take the heat out of demands, expressed since the December 1989 Romanian revolution most vociferously by radical supporters of the Moldavian Popular Front, for Soviet Moldavia's reunification with Romania.
The UK and French governments had initially expressed a preference for "four-plus-zero" (that is negotiations among the four allies without German involvement), but had subsequently agreed to the US proposal.
Shamir began his speech to the Likud delegates by expressing surprise at Sharon's resignation.
After speaking for some 40 minutes, Shamir set aside his prepared text and proposed a motion that the central committee approve the political contents of his speech and express confidence in him as Likud chairman and Prime Minister.
Salinas visited Portugal, the United Kingdom, West Germany and Belgium in late January 1990 when he expressed the concern that the dramatic changes in Eastern Europe should not disadvantage Latin American countries in terms of aid from West European countries and from the European Communities.
Despite the impact of the discount rate rise, which caused the dollar to fall in value, concerns were expressed on the international markets that a weak yen and high rates of domestic investment would mean an increase in Japan's export capacity which would detrimentally affect global trade balances.
At the close of the November SII talks the USA expressed disappointment at the outcome and accused the Japanese of displaying "very little flexibility" in acknowledging "market access problems embedded in the Japanese economy" .
Kim Dae Jung, the leader of the South Korean opposition Party for Peace and Democracy (PDP), expressed a willingness to visit Pyongyang in 1990 if permitted.
South Korean officials expressed the hope that the link would help to improve contacts with other members of the Non-aligned Movement.
A total of 38 Japanese MPs submitted a petition to the Myanma embassy in Tokyo on Dec. 22 expressing deep concern "about the military's suppression and murder of those who were demonstrating for democracy, freedom of speech and the enforcement of a general election next year" .
The European Parliament released a statement on Sept. 8, 1989, expressing concern "at the worsening of the policy of repression in Myanma" and requesting the Myanma authorities to "bring repression to an end and to respect the deep desire of the Myanma people for the establishment of a democratic society through free election" .
Concern was also expressed over the growing disparity between living standards in Phnom Penh and in the rest of the country.
The findings revealed that significant forest damage, commonly expressed as loss of leaves or needles, had been observed in all 25 countries participating in the survey.
The United Kingdom government had on May 9, 1989, announced its intention to double its contribution to UNEP to $5,000,000 in 1989, an intention also expressed by Finland, Malta, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
Misgivings had been expressed by many deputies, however, principally about allowing less than two weeks for preparation and discussion of such an important piece of legislation.
Its original preferred candidate was Ryzhkov, but fears were expressed at the meeting that if elected Ryzhkov would cede the post to Gorbachev, and it was therefore decided also to nominate Vadim Bakatin, the USSR Internal Affairs Minister.
In Poland (which had close historical and cultural links with Lithuania, and a common border) the government published a statement on March 12 supporting Lithuania's "self-determination" and expressed the hope that this could be achieved peacefully through negotiations.
However, Foreign Minister Gyula Horn on March 12 expressed the concern felt in many quarters internationally that the secession of Soviet republics might jeopardize Soviet reforms, and that the potential rapid disintegration of the Soviet Union posed a threat to world peace and stability.
According to the report, even mainstream party members expressed deep concern over the ability of the US to limit the role of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) in any future discussions.
During his visit to the USA Chissano expressed confidence that an end to the war with the right-wing rebel group, the Mozambique National Resistance (MNR) was within sight, declaring that he was now prepared to enter into direct talks with the rebels.
A delegation of observers from the Organization of African Unity (OAU) expressed satisfaction with the conduct of the elections, and the Supreme Court dismissed Taki's allegations of widespread fraud.
Mayor David Dinkins expressed his sadness over the incident and promised more resources to tackle the hundreds of unlicensed clubs thought to be operating in the city, many of which were violating safety regulations.
The viability of the buy-back option was thought to be dependent on the availability of new loans especially from the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF), both of which had expressed support for the agreement, and also from the Japanese Export-Import Bank and the Spanish government.
New government leaders continued to speak in favour of Mongol-Soviet ties, but after the March plenum Foreign Minister Gombosuren expressed the hope that Mongolian-Chinese relations would achieve the same level as Mongolian-Soviet relations.
Peacock's remark was widely denounced within Australia as racist in tone and intent, and concern over the issue was expressed by the Japanese government on March 20.
Other fears expressed at the debate included the belief that republics with more recent experience of private farming, for example the three Baltic republics (which had joined the Soviet Union only in 1940), would develop at different rates to other parts of the country which had experienced only collectivized agriculture.
While leaders of all the main political parties expressed their condemnation of the March 31 violence, David Waddington, the Home Secretary, asserted on April 1 that certain Labour MPs who advocated non-payment must bear some of the blame for the events of the previous day, and Patten called for the Labour whip to be withdrawn from them.
These demands, reportedly based on views expressed in local Basic People's Congresses, were criticized by Kadhafi in his congressional address on March 6, on the grounds that they were not representative of true public opinion.
Although no date was fixed for the transfer, Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Esmat Abdel Meguid expressed the hope that it would be completed by Sept. 1.
Particular anger was expressed by Western delegates over the appointment of a former deputy director of Soviet State Radio and Television, Henrikh Juskevicius, to the post of deputy director-general in charge of communications and information.
At a separate meeting the then Japanese Foreign Minister Sosuke Uno expressed regret that Takeshita's remarks had not been fully understood, but "seriously" accepted Qian's view.
At a press conference Li Peng referred to India's trade blockade of Nepal saying: "Nepal expressed its understanding of the suppression of the counter-revolutionary rebellion in Beijing.
In particular, concern was expressed at the possible effects of "global warming" causing storms and a rise in the sea level.
The government of V. P. Singh expressed its willingness to reach an early mutually acceptable and beneficial solution to all outstanding issues with Nepal but concrete proposals to break the deadlock remained undecided.
The reforms, according to Mobutu, were based on the people's aspirations as expressed in a recent nationwide "popular consultation" exercise.
Some opponents of the regime expressed scepticism at the proposed reforms and the adoption of liberalism, apparently at the expense of the long-held official ideology of "Mobutism" under which the President embodied the party and the state.
The coup leader's motives and demands, however naive and divisive, nonetheless expressed deeply-felt north-south, Christian-Moslem rivalries, and resentments exacerbated by the economic situation.
After suffering strokes in 1983 and 1986, Abernathy caused controversy in 1989 when he published his autobiography And the Walls Came Tumbling Down, in which he expressed regret for having been seen as "no more than an appendage to Martin" .
Major commitments in the concluding joint statement (i) ratified previous commitments made under the 1987 Esquipulas II or "Arias" peace process [see pp. 35440-42]and welcomed new peace dialogues in El Salvador and Guatemala [see below];(ii) re-affirmed commitments to strengthen and consolidate democracy in the region and to respect human rights;(iii) expressed satisfaction with the running of the recent Nicaraguan elections [see p. 37236]and demanded an immediate start to the demobilization and disarming of the contra rebels under UN supervision which was to be completed by April 27 [but see pp. 37370-71];(iv) agreed on a meeting of a joint regional security commission to take place in Costa Rica on May 15;(v) undertook to reorganize, strengthen and reactivate regional economic integration, to review foreign debt conditions and to urge the international financial community to provide additional resources under favourable terms; and (vi) agreed on regional co-operation to eliminate illegal drug trafficking.
On April 13 the Soviet Foreign Ministry expressed its "concern and anxiety" and called for "peaceful political dialogue on the basis of the Simla agreement" [of 1972, which required that all Indo-Pakistani disputes be resolved by bilateral negotiations].
On April 15 the Iranian government expressed its concern, stating that the use of force could not solve the issue, and was also reported as having offered to mediate in the conflict.
The conference decided on April 23, however, not to proceed with the establishment of a new Solidarity political party, in deference to the many delegates who had expressed reservations about the increasing politicization of the union.
The vote for presidential reform was seen as expressing impatience on the part of Walesa at the speed of political change in Poland.
It concluded: "The Soviet side, expressing profound regret over the Katyn tragedy, declares that this is one of the gravest crimes of Stalinism."
In their efforts to reduce surplus food production in the EC, the ministers agreed to maintain for another year the virtual freeze on farm prices (when expressed in European currency units — ECU) which had been in effect since 1987 [see pp. 35534; 35915; 36493; 36599; 37209].
Iraqi Foreign Minister Tariq Aziz expressed his country's readiness to destroy its chemical weapons stocks on condition that Israel did the same and also signed the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty, to which Iraq was already a party.
In an April 4 interview the Syrian Foreign Minister, Farooq ash-Shar ", said that his country expressed solidarity with any Arab country, regardless of its" conceit and arrogance", which was the target of an Israeli threat.
US officials reportedly expressed concerns that the Soviet side had drawn back from previously agreed elements of the START treaty, and that at the same time it appeared to be adopting a less conciliatory stance on other arms control and disarmament issues, such as the ceiling on troops in Central Europe and the outline of an "Open Skies" treaty agreed in February [ibid.].
The Finance Ministers were united in expressing modest support for the yen and the implication was that central banks would be ready to intervene in the event of another speculative attack, although there was no specific reference in the final communiqué to stabilizing exchange rates.
Expressing the view of some delegates that the conference had merely been used as a forum to air US views, Brice Lalonde, the French Secretary of State for the Environment, said afterwards: "We have the feeling we were just invited to listen."
Somalia expressed concern at the impact that the measures would have on bilateral relations [see below].
In line with a review of the Constitution Siyad Barre said in November 1989 that free elections would be held the following year in which "all political currents will be able to express themselves and share power" .
Speaking to the Egyptian daily Al-Ahram on Nov. 12, President Mohammed Siyad Barre said that "all political currents will be able to express themselves and share power" .
On Sept. 11 the US State Department said that it endorsed the conclusions of the Gershony report and had expressed its concern to the Somali government.
Chief Justice William Rehnquist wrote in October to Jospeh Biden, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, arguing against delay in accepting the proposal, but 14 judges on the Judicial conference of the USA expressed views to the contrary and criticized Rehnquist's actions.
There was, however, considerable doubt expressed at the findings and Congress ordered an inquiry into the conduct of the investigation.
Business disappointment with this statement was expressed in the fall of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and Share Index by over 38 points.
Airline companies were the subject of considerable media and political attention in 1989, as concern was expressed about takeovers, safety, price-fixing and financial stability.
In September 1989 the Soviet authorities expressed interest in joining the International Criminal Police Organization (INTERPOL).
Expressing his backing for Rafsanjani's presidential candidacy on May 7, 1989, Khamenei declared that Rafsanjani's candidacy revived the hope that "our nation will have a much brighter future ahead of it" .
Speaking on Nov. 20, 1989, the UK Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Douglas Hurd, expressed his desire to "have a better relationship with Iran" and said that "a decision by the Iranians to use effectively their influence [with Lebanese hostage-holders]would be a great help" .
He expressed his confidence, however, that "responsible Kurdish forces [would]never go into terrorism" or carry out attacks outside Iraqi territory.
Although UN-mediated negotiations were resumed in April 1989 in Geneva [see p. 36602], the lack of progress led the UN Secretary-General, Javier Pérez de Cuéllar, to express on Aug. 20 (the first anniversary of the ceasefire) his "deep regret" that "the withdrawal of forces to internationally recognized boundaries [had]yet to take place" .
Rafsanjani expressed qualified approval of the plan on March 9, but Iraq made no official comment.
Expressing concern at the "increasing degradation" of the environment "which could not only endanger economic and social development, but the very basis of life itself" , the resolution asserted that the UN system was the "appropriate forum for concerted political action" on this issue.
Concern was also expressed at the limited participation of developing countries in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
Expressing the conviction that the global eco-system would be best protected by turning Antarctica into a world park or nature reserve, it urged all states to cooperate with the UN and to support a ban on mining and prospecting.
It expressed concern, however, that UN bodies had been unable to carry out measures mandated for the 1988-89 biennium due to lack of funds.
Adopted without a vote, Resolution 44/10 of Oct. 23 commended support for the 1987 five-country Central American Esquipulás peace accords and expressed the hope that the August 1989 agreement signed in Tela, Honduras, for the demobilization of the Nicaraguan contras, would be implemented.
Resolution 44/240 of Dec. 29 expressed "profound concern" at the possible consequences for peace and security in Central America of the USA's armed intervention in Panama and deplored the action as a "flagrant violation of international law" [see pp. 37112-13].
On specific political issues, the resolution expressed the SI's support for self-determination, democracy and economic and ecological recovery in Central and Eastern Europe (including the Baltic), and called for the full participation of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) in the Middle East peace process and an international peace conference.
At a brief opening ceremony, Mandela, speaking partly in Afrikaans, assured the white minority of the population that they "had nothing to fear from the ANC" , expressing the hope that the talks would begin a process of resolving conflicts between the races "through discussion among equals" .
Industrialists, traders and trade unions expressed support for the move, but the left-wing nationalist Democratic Revolutionary Party (PAD) described it as "unnecessary" .
Satisfaction was also expressed at the performance of the Andean Development Corporation (CAF).
Venezuelan President Carlos Andrés Pérez, expressing support for the Colombian government's anti-drugs campaign, called for a "world war against drug trafficking" .
His Holiness Tenzin Gyatso, the 14th Dalai Lama, who having fled Tibet in 1959 — nine years after the country was occupied by China — lived in exile in India, welcomed the lifting of martial law but expressed the hope that it represented more than a superficial "public relations exercise" .
Earlier in the day Kaifu had made an unprecedentedly explicit apology to Roh, expressing his "sincere remorse and honest apologies for the fact that there was a period in our history in which Japanese actions inflicted unbearable suffering and sorrow on the people of the Korean peninsula" .
Western governments generally expressed sympathy for the Lithuanian cause and concern at Soviet military pressure and the economic blockade, and Prunskiene was received everywhere by heads of government, but these governments did little more than call for restraint by both sides and for negotiations.
The most consistent reports were of a disturbance at a football match on March 25 in Kavaje (close to Tirana, the capital) where members of the crowd chanted slogans expressing support for President Ramiz Alia but attacking the repressive policies of his predecessor Enver Hoxha and the "Hoxha dynasty" .
The USA had expressed numerous reservations before agreeing to join the EBRD.
Interior Minister Pierre Joxe emphasized the belief that the extreme right-wing National Front (FN) had contributed to the creation of a climate in which hostility to Jewish people and immigrants could be freely expressed.
Both sides expressed opposition to Israel's settlement of immigrants in the occupied territories, and endorsed proposals to hold a Palestinian-Israeli dialogue, to further the Middle East peace process and to facilitate preparation for a possible UN international conference on the region, to be attended by all parties including the PLO and permanent members of the UN Security Council.
In addition both sides expressed support for the UN Secretary-General's efforts to achieve a stable peace between Iran and Iraq, and for the efforts of the Arab League and the Committee of Three to bring stability in Lebanon in line with the Taif accords [see p. 36986], and stated that they were willing to promote peace dialogues in the Horn of Africa.
However, by late May traders expressed doubts that OPEC's agreement was holding since other countries were still exceeding their quotas.
The report said that since Sendero Luminoso began its operations in May 1980, 15,800 killings had taken place, although the committee's chairman, Enrique Bernales, expressed the personal belief that the figure was closer to 17,500.
In view of the commitment expressed by the US President, George Bush, to withdraw all US invasion forces from Panama by the end of February 1990 [see p. 37177], García agreed to attend the international drugs summit in Cartagena (Colombia) on Feb. 15 [for which see pp. 37243-44].
Government officials expressed confidence in January 1990 that Bolivia would by June have cancelled all its commercial bank debts, after receiving promises of a total of $30,500,000 in donations which would enable it to buy back the remaining $270,000,000.
The governor of the Banca d'Italia (central bank), Carlo Azeglio Ciampi, expressed similar concerns in the February 1990 issue of the central bank's Bollettino Economico.
The Deputy Defence Secretary, Stane Brovet, expressed the Army's concern that under a multiparty system the government administration would become politicized and that this would affect adversely the role of the Army [see p. 37155].
After the Malta summit the Bush administration had repeatedly expressed support for Gorbachev's reform initiatives in the Soviet Union, but the Soviet reaction to the declaration of independence by Lithuania in March [see p. 37299]threatened to throw the preparations for the Washington summit off course.
Following a change of government in Newfoundland in 1989, the new Liberal administration of Premier Clyde Wells also expressed opposition to Quebec's special status and, in April 1990, the Newfoundland provincial legislature rescinded its original ratification of the Accord.
In a speech to the Newfoundland legislature Wells expressed outrage over this Mulroney initiative, on the grounds that, at the Premiers' conference earlier in the month, the Prime Minister had repeated ruled out any such extension as unconstitutional.
After spending four days in Alberta, the Queen celebrated Canada Day on July 1 with a speech in French and English to a crowd of 100,000 in Ottawa, during which she expressed her "anxiety and deep concern" over the country's constitutional problems.
Stating that the objective of the EC member states was the complete and immediate dismantling of the apartheid system by peaceful means, the summit expressed willingness to consider a gradual relaxation of sanctions against South Africa when there was further clear evidence of change.
India, which had removed the final contingent of Indian Peace-Keeping Force (IPKF) troops from Sri Lanka in March 1990 [see p. 37316], expressed concern for the plight of Tamil civilians but made it clear that it would not permit its territory to be used to support militant activity.
On June 15 the military expressed their support for Gen. Chaovalit by appointing him as a special adviser to the Internal Security Command, the Supreme Command, and the combined armed forces.
He also stated that he had expressed the hope that the Soviet Union's relationship with communist North Korea would improve and that Gorbachev could assist in encouraging the North Korean government to undertake a programme of political and economic reform.
The UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher expressed concern at the constitutional implications of the judgment but pointed out that it was left to UK courts to decide whether to exercise the powers.
The Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze expressed concern about the likelihood that a reunited Germany would mean the immediate transfer of East Germany from the Warsaw Pact to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).
A significant amendment to the government's original proposal was the 100-day time limit, included as a concession to radical nationalists, although Prunskiene expressed confidence that negotiations would resolve the key questions within that time.
The new law stated that citizens were guaranteed by the USSR Constitution "the right to express opinions and beliefs,[and]to seek, select, receive and disseminate information and ideas in any form" .
Civic Forum and PAV leaders expressed a wish to include Jan Carnogursky, Deputy Premier in the outgoing government and a leading figure in the CDM, but the CDM initially refused to join the government because it felt that the poor showing of the CDU/CDM in the elections would prevent the implementation of anything in its programme.
The US administration, which was under heavy congressional pressure to break off its dialogue with the PLO, expressed its "disappointment" at the statement.
The Egyptian government expressed regret over the US decision on June 21 and stated that direct negotiation and continuous dialogue were the only way to resolve the dispute.
Hungary expressed its desire to leave the alliance, while Czechoslovakia favoured retaining the Pact until the creation of a pan-European security system.
The US Secretary of State James Baker met subsequently with Shevardnadze and welcomed the proposed cuts at a joint press conference, although he had earlier expressed doubts as to whether the cuts were in fact new or were made up in part by other previously announced withdrawals.
However, in June the UK Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher, acknowledged that the question of UK aid had been discussed during the negotiations, despite an express prohibition contained in the UK's 1966 Overseas Aid Act on the use of aid as a means of getting defence sales.
In January 1990 the Catholic Archdiocese of Singapore issued a statement expressing major reservations about the proposed legislation and insisting that religion and politics could not be unambiguously separated.
There could be, the statement affirmed, "an overlap between the secular and the religious" and it expressed concern "about the possible misuse of the proposed legislation to silence lawful dissent and legitimate criticism" .
The action arose out of a Privy Council hearing of his appeal against his dismissal from the Singapore bar following his conviction for fraud, when the Privy Council had found that he had been the victim of "grievous injustice" and expressed "deep disquiet that by a series of misjudgments [he had]been fined, imprisoned and publicly disgraced for offences for which [he was]not guilty" [see p. 37086].
The judge ruled that Lee was entitled to "aggravated damages" because of the "express malice" shown by the magazine and the conduct during the trial of its lawyer, Geoffrey Robertson, a British barrister.
Lee visited Hong Kong in January 1990, when he expressed doubts about the feasibility of introducing democratic structures before assimilation by China in 1997.
At the same time, however, increasing concern was being expressed both in and out of government at the social costs of reform.
During the meeting Brooke reportedly expressed the dismay of the UK government at these refusals, and reported on progress with unionist parties on the possibility of talks on devolution, while Collins said that the recent judgments on extradition had not been the responsibility of the Irish government.
A bomb apparently intended for the Paris-Madrid express, which, however, was running late, damaged the railway line between France and Spain on June 30.
On Aug. 18, 1989, a United States congressional delegation expressed concern about the continued abuse of human rights in Turkey.
Relations with Iran improved noticeably by the end of 1989, the Iranian government in December expressing satisfaction at the lifting of the ban on headscarves at Turkish universities [see above].
It expressed readiness to intensify military contacts with the Soviet and other East European administrations and welcomed the invitation to NATO Secretary-General Manfred Wörner to visit Moscow.
Nonetheless it noted that "the two teams expressed their interest and willingness in making every effort to implement a constructive search for lasting peace…[and]to become deeply committed to the search for a working platform to end the war and to create political conditions permitting the normalization of the lives of all Mozambican people" .
Concern was expressed that Western donors might link aid to political reform.
Before the coup attempt, commentators had already been expressing the fear that economic decline could exacerbate the conflict inherent within the country's heterogeneous racial structure.
The largest opposition force, the Party for Peace and Democracy (PPD), led by veteran dissident Kim Dae Jung, opposed the merger and demanded a general election to allow the electorate to express its opinion of Roh's controversial political manoeuvre.
The MDP leader, Erdenijn Bat-Uul, gave a press conference on Aug. 6 at which he expressed satisfaction with the election results and said that he did not exclude the possibility of the MDP's participation in a coalition government.
The official Soviet news agency Tass reported on July 24 that Gorbachev had expressed"complete understanding and support for the [Indian]Prime Minister in connection with the exacerbation of the situation in…
Corazon Aquino, who had replaced Ferdinand Marcos as president of the Philippines in 1986, expressed her regret that the "courageous efforts made by the American prosecution" had failed, and suggested that Imelda Marcos would be charged under the criminal law of the Philippines at some point in the future.
In addition officials reported that Chile, Ecuador, Mexico, Mongolia, Papua New Guinea, Peru, the Soviet Union and Vietnam had each expressed interest in joining the group.
In promulgating the new Constitution Ganilau expressed the hope that elections would be held in 1991, although it remained unclear whether the opposition Labour Party would participate.
The Indian government denounced the Constitution as "racist and undemocratic," and the governments of both Australia and New Zealand expressed reservations concerning its provisions.
The regime had recently expressed readiness to develop relations with the United States and to join the Conference on Security and Co-operation in Europe (CSCE).
The conference approved a party statute and programme expressing the aim of building "a new socialism in accordance with the changes of today and of tomorrow" , and elected a 111-member central committee whose members included Borisav Jovic, the current President of the SFRY Presidency.
The merger move had first been announced by the Serbian communists on June 7, with the Socialist Alliance expressing itself in favour on July 5.
The meeting expressed reserved interest in an EC study into aid for the Soviet Union, commissioned by the previous week's EC summit [see pp. 37520-21], and in Commission proposals for a general reserve facility or financial safety net of 10,000 million European currency units (about US$12,000 million) for Eastern European countries to draw on.
Opposition to the agreement was expressed both by the Turkish government, which feared that the clause on mutual defence could affect the status quo in Cyprus, and by left-wing parties in Greece, which wanted all the bases closed.
The UK government welcomed the release and expressed the hope that it would be followed by the release of a British businessman, Ian Richter), sentenced to life imprisonment on bribery and economic charges in 1986.
The participants acknowledged that there had been considerable divergences of views on each of these issues, but all declared themselves satisfied with the compromises reached as expressed in the final declaration.
On economic issues, they expressed concern over continuing high unemployment, high inflation in some countries, and trade imbalances.
At a press conference after the meeting Mubarak expressed his confidence that Kuwait and Iraq would "arrive at a comfortable and calm, quiet solution" .
Analysts expressed the opinion that, unlike previous agreements, the Geneva accord was credible, largely because Iraq had shown itself willing to adopt the role of an OPEC "enforcer" to curb over-production.
Iraq, Libya and the PLO voted against the resolution; Algeria and Yemen abstained; Jordan, Sudan and Mauritania "expressed reservations" and took no position; and Tunisia failed to attend.
Although Mubarak clearly set out his anti-Iraqi position early on in the crisis, he also openly expressed his wish to "contain" the conflict within the Arab nation.
James Baker expressed on Aug. 10 the US view that Resolution 661 gave "the legal authority necessary to constitute such an embargo or blockade, provided the request comes from the legitimate government of Kuwait" .
The French government on Aug. 19 ordered its naval commanders to apply sanctions "with firmness" ; France, however, had been among those Security Council members reportedly expressing concern on Aug. 13 over the prospect of individual members, rather than the Security Council, deciding to move to enforce a blockade.
EC Foreign Ministers met again on Aug. 10 in Brussels and resolved that "no effort or initiative would be spared" to assist their citizens trapped in Iraq and Kuwait, as well as expressing "international solidarity" with states threatened by Iraqi aggression, and offered their "assistance to Arab efforts aimed at defusing tensions and restoring international legality" .
Visiting Jordan, Saudi Arabia and Egypt, they expressed willingness to assist in particular with Jordan's economic difficulties arising from the crisis.
The Soviet Foreign Ministry on Aug. 9 issued a formal condemnation of the Iraqi annexation of Kuwait, but also expressed more general concern about the rapidly deteriorating situation.
Trinidad was represented at the summit by Sahadeo Basdeo, Minister of External Affairs and International Trade, and at a pre-summit meeting on July 30 the assembled heads of government issued a statement in which they expressed their "unequivocal condemnation" of the coup attempt.
The communiqué issued at the end of the San José meeting expressed the hope that the agreement would "consolidate the pacification and democratization process and generate a climate of confidence and security" in the region.
They expressed the hope that the commercial aspects of the initiative would materialize within the framework of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trades (GATT) "Uruguay Round" negotiations on access to markets [see pp. 37227-8; 37476]so that trade barriers could be eliminated.
Fears were expressed that these additional courts would enable the government to try anyone connected in any capacity to the PPP, and many observers considered that the real purpose of the tribunals was to bar PPP members from contesting elections.
Leaders of the parties allied with Janata Dal in the ruling National Front coalition expressed their agreement with the action.
L. K. Advani, president of the Bharatiya Janata Party, on whose parliamentary support Janata Dal depended, also voiced support, while E. M. S. Namboodiripad, general secretary of the Communist Party of India (Marxist), another source of essential parliamentary support, expressed the view that the affair was an internal matter which would not affect his party's attitude to the government.
The Khmers Rouges, on the other hand, expressed agreement in principle on the composition of the SNC, and endorsed the disarming of all factions.
He held talks with Prime Minister Chatichai Choonhaven on bilateral issues and on the Cambodian problem, on which subject the Chinese side expressed confidence in the search by the five permanent members of the UN Security Council for a peaceful solution [see p. 37654].
Baker also held talks with opposition leaders who expressed willingness to discuss the formation of a coalition with the ruling party and government.
The Commission's paper expressed opposition "in principle" to high national budget deficits, but contained no direct proposals for EC control in this respect, as had earlier been suggested by Delors.
Subsequent Foreign Ministry reaction was, however, more cautious, with officials expressing "satisfaction" while stressing that Iran would continue to press for the complete acceptance of Resolution 598 including provisions relating to international help with post-war reconstruction, and condemnation of the guilty party in starting the Gulf war, followed by war reparations.
Li Peng expressed satisfaction with the smooth implementation process of the declaration, and stated his appreciation of the Portuguese government's prudent attitude towards China's quelling of the "counter-revolutionary rebellion" [see pp. 36587; 36640-42; 36720-22].
A 10-hectare industrial estate was planned, and also a race course, in both of which Taiwanese investors had expressed a strong interest.
Public discontent at the presence of the allied forces — regarded in some quarters as "forces of occupation" — was expressed in other ways.
By mid-September there were some 150,000 US military and support personnel in the region, but on Sept. 13 the senior US commander in the Gulf, Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf, dampened the growing speculation about a possible move on to the offensive in mid-October, expressing the opinion that he needed two months to bring the forces up to strength.
He refused to rule out the military option, while Gorbachev stressed the need for a "political solution" and pointedly refrained from expressing support for a military move against Iraq.
Travelling on to China, the Saudi Foreign Minister said on Sept. 20 that the Chinese had now expressed "full support" for measures taken by Saudi Arabia to defend itself (whereas previously the Chinese had been critical of the deployment of US and other Western forces there).
Addressing the UN General Assembly on Sept. 24, Mitterrand repeated strong French condemnation of Saddam Hussein's actions and his unconciliatory attitude, expressed disgust over the use of foreign nationals as "human shields" , and stated emphatically that "the sovereignty of Kuwait is not negotiable" .
He revealed earlier that he had no illusions about his chances of persuading US President Bush to lift economic sanctions against South Africa, but he expressed confidence that South Africa could now demonstrate clear evidence that a process of political change had begun, including moves towards negotiations and a new constitution.
No vote was taken, but the majority of delegates reportedly expressed a preference for the retention of the present de facto one-party system.
Kim responded by expressing his desire to improve relations with Japan and by suggesting that a "lenient decision" would be made in the case of two Japanese fishermen detained in North Korea since 1983 for having helped a North Korean defect to Japan.
At the same time he expressed frustration at the Japanese linkage between politics and economics.
In the course of visits to Prague, the Czechoslavakian capital, and Bratislava by French President François Mitterrand on Sept. 13-14 and by United Kingdom Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher on Sept. 16-18, both leaders expressed their countries' regret at having signed the 1938 Munich agreement, which had allowed Nazi Germany to dismember Czechoslovakia.
He expressed the hope that future good relations would help lay to rest the mistakes of the past.
The Arab League Secretary-General, Chedli Klibi (Tunisia), had already resigned on Sept. 3, over alleged accusations from Saudi Arabia's Foreign Minister, Prince Saud al Faisal, that he had failed in his mandate to discover why some Arab countries had expressed reservations or abstained from voting during the August Arab emergency summit on Iraq's invasion of Kuwait [see p. 37635].
Mazowiecki left Warsaw on March 20 for a six-day visit to the USA when a business and economic treaty was signed with President Bush, designed to stimulate US investment, followed by a one-day visit to Canada when Prime Minister Brian Mulroney expressed Canada's interest in extending commercial ties and accepted an invitation to visit Poland in the near future.
(Gorbachev had expressed regret over the "unfounded invasion" in 1968 in February — see p. 37256.)
In expressing his regret at the violence Roman reinforced the Romanian government's commitment to minority rights, at the same time pleading for an understanding of the views of Transylvanian Romanians, who had suffered greatly between 1940 and 1944 when northern Transylvania had been under Hungarian rule.
While no concrete agreements emerged from further rounds held in January-March 1990, the participants on both sides talked of finding a new beginning in their relations and expressed the wish for improved co-operation and greater mutual trust.
Following the talks the then East German Prime Minister, Hans Modrow, acknowledged that his country bore a share of responsibility for the Nazi war crimes and expressed a willingness to pay reparations to victims.
However, after a second round of US-PLO talks in Tunis on March 22, 1989, the PLO leadership expressed fears that the USA lacked a specific programme for resolving the Palestinian issue, and was playing for time to secure a halt to the intifada ( "uprising" ).
In a speech at the end of March 1990, Jardana expressed confidence that US$750,000,000 in funding support would be received from the IMF, World Bank and foreign countries during 1990.
About two-thirds were eventually released, but not before the Belgian and United States governments, among others, had expressed concern over the Rwandan government's measures.
The former National Party leader and Prime Minister Sir Robert Muldoon, also an outspoken opponent of free market economics, was offered several minor posts outside the Cabinet, but turned them all down as "insulting" and expressed his intention to remain on the back benches, from where he would be free to criticize the new government.
UK reservations about European union were expressed in the final communiqué.
In the first part of this, on the proposed December 1990 Conference on Political Union, UK reservations were expressed at certain points in the communiqué [marked here in italics followed by the words "UK reservation" ], with the words: "On these points the UK delegation prefers not to pre-empt the debate in the intergovernmental conference."
Assuming a special relationship towards central and east European countries, the Council expressed support for economic reforms and democratic developments in Yugoslavia and promised to support Hungary in its efforts to move towards democracy, stability and economic development in the framework of the Group of 24, particularly as regards energy problems, and promising the immediate disbursement of the second tranche of an EC loan (of US$1,000 million).
The Council declared that this reflected the will of the Serbs, as expressed by an overwhelming vote in favour of autonomy in the unofficial referendum conducted in August.
In an open letter to President Ramiz Alia, he expressed his own "bitter disillusionment" , and that of "the great majority of Albanians" , that the Albanian leadership had "no intention of emulating the political reforms of Eastern Europe" .
He declared that he had already "expressed very clearly the need for a rapid, profound and complete democratization" , and had chosen to leave because there was "no possibility for legal opposition in Albania" .
Observers believed that the move, requested by Iran, expressed the "new understanding between Iran and Iraq" .
While a communiqué issued at the end of the meeting stressed that the "Nine" had expressed "their agreement with the CSCM project" , each North African Foreign Minister called for a "pragmatic" approach excluding global solutions to regional problems of security.
In a report published in May 1990 the human rights organization Amnesty International found that there was evidence of the use of torture and of deaths as a consequence; it expressed concern over the government's inaction in investigating torture allegations — the majority of which emanated from the Casamance region — and in implementing adequate safeguards.
Responding on Sept. 28, Houphouët-Boigny promised (i) a national commission to consider the opinions expressed and to recommend appropriate measures;(ii) consideration by the PDCI conference due in autumn 1990 of constitutional reforms; and (iii) a reshuffle of senior Cabinet posts [see below].
Ken Gordon, Minister of Industry, resigned from the government and from his Senate seat on Dec. 31, 1989, in order to return to his former post as managing director of the Trinidad and Tobago Express newspaper.
Anti-foreigner sentiment was expressed in riots and demonstrations in the spring.
In December 1989 the then Foreign Minister, Oskar Fischer, expressed his government's desire to establish relations at a meeting with the chair of the Berlin Jewish community.
welcoming the fact that the German…people have expressed their will to bring about the unity of Germany as a state so that they will be able to serve the peace of the world as an equal and sovereign partner in a united Europe;
Albania, which had been the only European non-participant, had expressed its desire to join and was granted observer status at the summit, but on Nov. 20 lodged a formal complaint stating that "the failure of some states to allow a consensus for Albania's full participation…is incomprehensible" [see also pp. 37385; 37746-47].
However, in her speech at the Lord Mayor's banquet in London on Nov. 12 Thatcher made a spirited defence of her own record and expressed her determination to defeat any opponents.
A Minister of State, Piotr Nowina-Konopka, submitted his resignation on Nov. 21, also expressing support for Mazowiecki.
On Nov. 18-19 the Thai Foreign Minister, Subin Pinkhayan, held "frank and useful" talks in Vientiane with his Lao counterpart, Gen. Phoune Sipaseuth, who expressed satisfaction with the "new atmosphere" of relations, involving regular government-level and military talks and co-operation in developing the Mekong River basin.
Concern over the agreement had been expressed by Malaysia and Indonesia.
The 260,000 employees of the overmanned and loss-making East German Deutsche Reichsbahn were demanding increases to bring their wages closer in line with the earnings of employees of the West German Bundesbahn, but were also expressing concern at proposed massive redundancies in the rail workforce when the Reichsbahn and the Bundesbahn merged early in 1991.
At the same time the trade unions expressed strong opposition to the draft budget for 1991, which contained plans to cut public spending, ostensibly to offset the effects of the Gulf crisis, to increase defence spending and to cut corporate taxes; there was to be a small increase in wealth tax.
The government, claiming that granting the pilots' wage demand would set off a wage explosion and damage the economy, expressed its support for the airlines and took unprecedented steps to break the strike.
The two sides also issued a joint statement expressing their support for making Antarctica an international nature reserve, as first proposed by the French explorer Jacques-Yves Cousteau.
Commercial banks' disquiet over Brady Plan into difficulty as commercial banks expressed dissatisfaction with its proposals.
Dismissing the "extreme pessimism expressed by some observers of the new [debt]strategy" , the World Bank report found the results of the new Brady plan "encouraging" .
Expressing cautious optimism about a solution to the debt crisis, the Fund noted that the debt-service ratio of developing countries had fallen to its lowest level since 1981.
Radical deputies pointed to Yanayev's credentials as a bureaucrat and denounced him as an "old-style leader" , and regrets were also expressed that a non-Russian had not been nominated.
Armando Guebuza, expressed the hope that a comprehensive ceasefire agreement would follow shortly.
In Nancy Cruzan's case the original court became satisfied that this standard had been met after three of her friends testified that, prior to the accident, Nancy had expressed the wish never to live "like a vegetable" .
In Brazil Bush thanked President Fernando Collor de Mello for adopting sanctions against Iraq (one of Brazil's major export markets) and expressed his support for the government's efforts to protect the Amazonian rain forest.
He declined to postpone his visit to Argentina, expressing confidence that a military rebellion which had begun there on Dec. 3 [see p. 37913]would be put down by the government of President Carlos Saúl Menem, whom he thanked for sending two Argentinian frigates to the Gulf.
He also expressed the view that his visit signalled the imminent end of hostilities with North Korea, a long-term ally of the Soviet Union.
A joint statement on Dec. 12 announced "good progress" on the completion of a strategic arms reduction treaty (START)[see also p. 37518], and expressed the hope that a treaty would be ready for signing during a Bush-Gorbachev summit meeting, scheduled for Feb. 11-13, 1991.
His party was bolstered by public endorsement by the Army, as expressed by Federal National Defence Secretary Col.-Gen.
Schlüter had initially expressed a desire to expand the coalition to include all five traditional centre-right parties, but the Radical Liberals refused to rejoin the coalition and the smaller Centre Democrats (CD) and Christian People's Party (KrF) also declined to join, although all three pledged their external support.
The government, which did not expect Sweden to gain admission to the EC before 1994, had previously expressed interest in framing a joint application with Norway and Finland.
Iran's Oil Minister, Gholamreza Aghazadeh, reportedly expressed fears that the current high oil output levels could lead to over-supply and a plunge in prices if the Gulf crisis was resolved peacefully.
After a meeting on Dec. 14 between MacSharry and US Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter, both sides expressed optimism about the chances of an agreement on world trade.
During the meeting, ministers expressed concern about the reduced amount of Soviet military equipment scheduled for destruction under the Conventional Forces in Europe (CFE) treaty [see p. 37838].
While the UK and the USA reportedly expressed support for plans to transform the nine-member Paris-based Western European Union (WEU)[see p. 37212]into the basis of a cohesive European defence pillar for NATO, other member states, notably France, Germany and Italy, saw the WEU as evolving into a genuine European security and defence policy.
While the communiqué made clear that the alliance needed to confront "new security risks and challenges of a global nature" which threatened "common interests" , it was understood that France had expressed strong reservations about NATO extending its responsibilities beyond European frontiers.
While expressing disappointment that the conference had failed to agree to this, they acknowledged that progress towards this goal had been achieved.
Pérez de Cuéllar's mission received "full support" from the Soviet Union, as expressed by Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev in a message on Jan. 10.
However it was dropped in the face of the opposition expressed by the United States representative, who insisted that there be no "linkage" between the issues; the UK also opposed the proposal.
Most media organizations and journalists accepted the argument that certain restrictions were necessary for security reasons, but some, in particular US journalists, expressed concern that the ground rules would be used to prevent coverage showing the horrors of battle.
As of end-January, however, there had been no Israeli retaliation, despite the Israeli government's previous public position (as expressed by President Chaim Herzog on Jan. 15) that an Iraqi strike would encounter a "calculated and strong" response.
The Middle East Economic Digest of Feb. 1 reported that the fundamentalist Moslem Brotherhood had expressed "disgust at the position of the government, which is completely subservient to the USA and its Western allies" .
The position of Morocco was complex in that the government, having committed forces on the allied side, was compelled by the strength of domestic feeling to express its concern over the war.
Lomponda wa Botende, a former Chief of Staff, expressed his astonishment at the report, and the Defence Ministry denied that any coup attempt had been made.
Both companies expressed disappointment at Cheney's decision and said that they would contest the cancellation.
Apologizing for the first time for some of those tactics, he expressed regret over the "naked cruelty" of certain remarks directed at Dukakis.
The homes of known Duvalierists were attacked as were several Roman Catholic properties, the Church establishment having long expressed its opposition to Aristide.
The Chinese side had ordered that construction be halted until the project received China's approval, saying that China had not been consulted on the matter, and expressing concern that it would place a financial burden on the new government after 1997.
Following his talks with Chinese Premier Li Peng and other officials, characterized by the Chinese side as "beneficial" , Wilson said that the Chinese government had agreed to allow the scheme to proceed but had expressed reservations about the cost.
The five affected ministers were believed to have expressed the desire to step down, but Chandra Shekhar ruled out their resignation, taking the strictly technical line that they could continue as ministers for six months without being members of parliament.
An alternative explanation for Abu Nidal involvement was the suggestion that his group might have carried out the killings on behalf of the Iraqi regime; this version depended on the suggestion that Abu Iyad, while publicly backing the PLO's pro-Iraqi line, was expressing reservations about it to Arafat in private.
Finance Ministers notably from the USA and France expressed concern that German plans to raise interest rates in order to check inflationary pressures precipitated by the costs of German unification [see pp. 37761-63]would enhance the prospects of world recession.
The compromise was reached after industrial leaders and some politicians had expressed fears that a precipitate phase-out of nuclear power would lead to large increases in energy costs.
Bush admitted that the mission was, in part, designed to assess whether air power alone could force an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait, expressing some scepticism that this would suffice "to get the job done" .
Although the committee was expected primarily to identify people suspected of having collaborated with the Iraqi army, opposition sources quoted in the Guardian of Feb. 13 expressed the fear that such a committee might be used against dissidents, adding that, if this were so, such a body "would be very dangerous if there were no parliament" .
In Spain González expressed his concern in a letter to Bush, suggesting that allied aerial bombardment of Baghdad and other cities should be halted, and calling for an international inquiry by the UN and the ICRC into the incident.
Japan, Thailand's principal foreign investor, expressed surprise at the coup, but stated that it had no plans to sever aid.
Members of the rebel National Government of Cambodia (NGC) expressed reservations over the initiative, saying that it should be incorporated into the wider UN draft peace proposal.
Over 60 foreign firms had expressed interest in investing in Mongolian oil exploration.
South Korean officials also expressed doubts concerning the veracity of the story, and suggested that no such North Korean reports had been monitored in the South.
The North also expressed its displeasure on Feb. 18 by unilaterally cancelling the fourth round of North-South Premiers' talks scheduled for Feb. 25-28.
In the past North Korea had frequently expressed its disapproval of Team Spirit by cancelling any ongoing dialogue for the duration of the exercises.
Critics of the decree expressed concern that it would affect not only the targeted black marketeers but legitimate entrepreneurs in co-operatives and small private businesses, and would act as a further deterrent to foreign investors.
Concern was also expressed that the sight of armoured vehicles on the streets would heighten public fears of the onset of dictatorship.
In reply the Hungarian government expressed its regret concerning the sale.
It was understood that while ministers from East European member states had been keen to dissolve the entire organization, preferably by the end of 1991, the Soviet delegation had expressed a preference for the continuation of a bloc as a counterpart to NATO, at least until the conclusion of all talks related to the Helsinki process.
Most other Western countries, including the United Kingdom, however, expressed support for the principle.
Opening the parliament on Nov. 19, 1990, Masire expressed concern that the High Court was flooded with legal complaints over the conduct of the 1989 general election.
Buyoya, who was from the politically dominant minority Tutsi tribe, expressed his preference for "democracy within the single party [UPRONA]" .
Leaders of the seven registered political parties expressed concern that the Assembly would merely be an advisory body to the Military Council in the preparation of a new constitution.
Church leaders and opposition parties expressed concern that the appointment had been made before an all-party parliamentary commission, led by the Prime Minister, had released a report to the National Assembly on the issue.
In November the human rights organization Amnesty International called on Kenya to investigate its human rights record, claiming that hundreds of government opponents had been arrested and some tortured; several aid donors, including the United States and Denmark, withheld or froze aid disbursements, expressing concern about the government's treatment of its opponents.
The report expressed serious concerns over the lack of medicines, food, fuel, transport, clean water supplies and operating sewage systems.
Popular activists were said to be resentful of the army takeover, expressing fears that the achievement of multiparty democracy might be further delayed.
According to Rose, members of the Department of Agriculture's Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC) had known of this, and had written memoranda expressing worries that it might be discovered.
In the final months of his life Atwater expressed remorse for some of the methods which he had employed during his career.
Participants expressed frustration that CARICOM decisions were frequently not put into practice because of inadequate resources.
Solomon and Rogachev were both reported to have expressed concern about China's apparent volte-face over military assistance to the Khmers Rouges.
Suharto, however, opposed the formation of a new trade bloc, expressing strong reservations about the Malaysian proposal, and other ASEAN member countries also apparently preferred to focus on support for the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation Council (APEC), formed in November 1989 [see p. 37044].
Its main principles would be:(i) Czechoslovakia would be a federative state consisting of the two sovereign and equal republics of the Czech Lands and Slovakia;(ii) the two republics would be linked voluntarily by the free will of their citizens, as expressed in a joint declaration of coexistence;(iii) the fundamental document of the state would be the federal constitution; and (iv) all powers not explicitly given to the federation in the constitution would belong to the republics.
In Saudi Arabia Baker met with foreign ministers from the six GCC countries and Egypt and Syria, who issued a joint statement expressing their appreciation for Bush's March 6 speech and its "positive treatment" to the Palestinian question.
Iran had expressed concerns about the involvement of non-Gulf countries — Egypt and Syria — in the so-called "six plus two" regional co-operation pact with the six Saudi-led Gulf Co-operation Council countries.
While expressing sympathy for the Iraqi people, the King stressed that the people of Jordan shared the happiness of their "Kuwaiti brothers" .
The projected deficit of IS9,000 million, to be made up through bond issues and foreign loans, represented a significant breach of the maximum level recommended by the Bank of Israel of 5.5 per cent of gross national product, and fears had been expressed that this could increase inflation.
A communiqué issued as the summit closed on March 11 confined itself to expressing "deep pain over the tragic developments" in the Gulf, and calling for UN sanctions against Iraq to be lifted and for post-war reconstruction to begin.
He had expressed fears that Saudi oil policy was being effectively directed by US interests since the Gulf war, which had demonstrated Saudi Arabia's dependence on a US military shield.
The head of a UN humanitarian mission to northern Iraq, Eric Suy, also expressed doubts about the viability of a UN "enclave" on Iraqi territory.
Announcing the further deferment in a speech on April 24, President Joaquim Chissano expressed scepticism about the seriousness of the MNR's intentions.
Gorbachev was also reported to have expressed his support for South Korea's bid to join the UN, describing North Korea's suggestion of a shared Korean seat as "unrealistic" .
Both leaders expressed themselves pleased with the symbolic importance of the visit, and a joint communiqué, signed late on April 18, expressed a desire to "promote mutual relations" in trade and other spheres.
On agriculture the New Zealand side expressed concerns over protectionist barriers affecting its major exports, and over the current impasse in the GATT talks [see also p. 38027].
Prime Minister Konstantinos Mitsotakis was reported in late April as expressing "concern" over the number of attacks mounted by underground groups over the past six months, and said that his government would intensify the drive against terrorism, which was discouraging foreign tourists.
He had attended a Cabinet meeting at which he had conveyed worries about the planned price rises expressed to him by trade union leaders.
On April 11 the chair of the Knesset immigration committee, Michael Kleiner, expressed concern over the fall in the number of Soviet Jewish immigrants arriving in Israel during the first quarter of 1991.
At an informal meeting of G-7 Finance Ministers in London on April 14, some ministers had expressed fears that the failure to stem the dollar's rise would provoke a further rise in German interest rates, and in those of other members of the European exchange rate mechanism (ERM).
All major political leaders in India expressed their horror at Gandhi's assassination and the government immediately declared a seven-day period of state mourning.
On May 19 Radio Bangladesh reported that acting President Shehabuddin Ahmed had "expressed dissatisfaction" at the government's handling of relief efforts.
The severity of the sentence caused surprise, with an ANC statement expressing "dismay" .
This sentiment was widely echoed by representatives of other countries, many of whom expressed the belief that, if the Korean application were accepted, then the UN could provide a valuable forum for discussions between the two states.
He said: "I express our sincere contrition at Japanese past actions that inflicted unbearable suffering and sorrow upon a great many people of the Asian-Pacific region."
Kaifu also expressed his determination "not to let history repeat itself" and stated that "the Japanese people are resolved never again to repeat those actions which had tragic consequences" .
Kaifu expressed his determination "to step up our effort to ensure that today's young people — tomorrow's leaders — gain a full and accurate understanding of modern and contemporary Japanese history" .
He also addressed directly the unease expressed in some neighbouring countries over his government's desire to send units from the Self-Defence Forces to assist US-led coalition forces in the Gulf war with Iraq [see pp. 38010; 38098].
April 26 Baker returns to Jerusalem for talks with Israeli leaders, but is forced to cut short his visit because of the death of his mother; US State Department spokeswoman Margaret Tutwiler expresses Baker's discontent over Israel's refusal to compromise.
On May 20 the human rights organization Amnesty International had expressed concern at the lack of access of defence counsel and the "selection" process for the 200 detainees waiting to be tried.
At a news conference on May 5, Dumas and the Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Vellayati said that their talks had been "very positive" and expressed the hope that discussions aimed at resolving the financial dispute between the two countries [see p. 37929]would end with "positive results" .
[For details of dissatisfaction expressed at JLP annual conference see p. 37816].
Serious doubts about the integrity of the electoral system had also been expressed by the Guyana Human Rights Association (GHRA) and the United States Congress, which in October had voted to withhold US$600,000 in economic aid pending evidence of electoral reform.
The Antarctic Committee of Wildlife Link, an environmental umbrella organization, expressed fears that the use of the airstrip would encourage tourism and precipitate mineral exploitation [see also p. 37019].
In June the UK Labour Party expressed support for plans to preserve Antarctica as a "world park" .
The Assembly also expressed concern that no concrete measures had been taken in accordance with the 1989 General Assembly resolution appealing to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Parties to exclude South Africa from participation in their meetings [see also p. 37434].
Similar views were expressed by NASA scientists.
The executive council also expressed concern at the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait, and asked the Director-General to send a mission of inquiry and to report on the conditions of workers and employers and their associations in that country.
The Assembly also voted to adopt Resolution 45/176, parts B-G, which expressed concern at the lack of co-ordination in applying sanctions, including an oil embargo, against South Africa.
The resolution condemned continued violations of the arms embargo and expressed particular concern at growing military collaboration between Israel and South Africa.
While some reports suggested that Western donor countries including the United States had expressed a strong preference for the post to be assumed by a European, others claimed that Pakistan, which currently housed an estimated 3,000,000 Afghan refugees, had opposed the appointment of an Indian national.
Peterle also addressed the Assembly and expressed Slovenia's willingness to discuss future links with Yugoslavia, but emphasized that it was "difficult to see a promising future in being linked to areas of conflict, where human and national rights are infringed" .
Representatives of UN relief agencies in Addis Ababa on June 3 expressed extreme concern over the immediate food needs of 500,000 Ethiopians.
Bush expressed his confidence in Sununu, but acknowledged that there was "an appearance problem" .
He also expressed optimism that an acceptable constitutional arrangement could be agreed which would obviate the need for Quebec to seek independence.
Concern was also expressed in many quarters concerning the possible exodus by the province's English-speaking minority in the event of independence.
Duan Jin, a Foreign Ministry spokesman for the Chinese government, expressed "regret" at the passage of the bill and insisted that the Basic Law, a Chinese-drafted constitution under which Hong Kong would be ruled after 1997, itself guaranteed rights and freedoms.
Ryutaro Hashimoto, the Finance Minister, expressed his "deep regret" over the links with organized crime, but he refused to resign.
The Maguire family expressed disappointment at the appeal court's decision and said they would seek justice from Sir John May, when he reconvened his inquiry in September.
On May 29 tens of thousands of demonstrators in Tirana's Skanderbeg Square, calling for the overthrow of the government and expressing support for the hunger strikers, attacked police with rocks, bottles and fire-bombs.
Delegates expressed unprecedented criticism of party policies and of Enver Hoxja (PLA first secretary from 1944 until his death in 1985).
Popular disappointment with the slow pace of economic reform was expressed in a wave of strikes and demonstrations in mid-June, as the two main trade union groups, the National Confederative Union and the Fratia trade union bloc, sought the resignation of Prime Minister Petre Roman over the rapidly rising unemployment level (conservatively estimated at 1,100,000).
At the closing ceremony Mitterrand expressed the hope that the conference would act as an impulse for ideas to become concrete steps.
Reports said that while US preference for a higher ceiling of between 40 per cent and 50 per cent[see p. 38211]had been favoured by Kuwait, none of the other members of the Security Council had so far expressed public support.
France, Germany and the UK also expressed concern at the courts' verdicts.
Relations between the two countries were criticized by Iranian hardliners, however, with former Interior Minister Hojatolislam Ali Akbar Mohtashemi being quoted in a report in Le Monde of June 7 as expressing strong opposition to the Saudi regime.
The Committee expressed its appreciation of the "fraternal Syrian stance" and stressed the importance of continuing consultation and developing relations.
Critics of the charter had reportedly expressed fears that the opposition's allegiance to the monarchy would reduce pressure for further democratization.
Fears that France would withhold its co-operation had grown after French officials expressed opposition to the recently proposed Rapid Reaction Force (RRF)[see pp. 38170-71; 38216], claiming that it "pre-empted" defence arrangements being made at a purely European level.
Although the declaration refrained from offering membership of the Alliance to former Warsaw Pact countries, it assured those countries, notably Czechoslovakia, which had expressed concern about a security vacuum in a post-Cold War Europe, that "freedom from any form of coercion or intimidation" was of "direct and material concern to us" .
On June 19, Foreign Ministers issued a joint statement calling on Yugoslavia's leaders to "resolve their disputes peacefully" and expressing support for the "territorial integrity of Yugoslavia" .
On July 29 de Klerk announced a Cabinet reshuffle in which Vlok and Malan were demoted, although he later expressed his confidence in them both.
Expressing satisfaction at the signing of START, Gorbachev said that "mechanisms" would shortly be established to discuss how to proceed further.
G-7 leaders agreed to support "moves towards the political and economic transformation in the Soviet Union" and expressed their readiness "to assist the integration of the Soviet Union into the world economy" .
When the CMSN decided on June 10, 1991, to put a new draft constitution to a referendum, the FLAM had called for a boycott of the referendum; other opposition groups, including the National Democratic Movement, had expressed reservations.
The United States government expressed reservations, US diplomatic sources being quoted as saying that Onusal would be a check on the government and not the FMLN.
He expressed a wish to go to the United States.
A 14-page communiqué issued at the end of the two-day conference expressed "deep dismay" over France's continued nuclear testing in French Polynesia, and stated the Forum's intention to consider an expanded programme of opposition to the tests, although no specific action was outlined.
Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Liu Huaqiu expressed unease at the situation, stating that "China's reunification is an irresistible historical trend" and that the Chinese government was "opposed to any official relations, contacts and exchanges of an official nature between Taiwan and countries that have diplomatic relations with the People's Republic" .
The trial resumed on July 22, when Khmara was again removed from the courtroom for expressing his distrust of the judges.
All the main parties except the communist Party of the Left and the Greens expressed their support for the move.
As regards the contentious issue of "transplant" cars (Japanese models primarily assembled in the UK and Spain — see p. 36713 for earlier disputes) the deal expressed the "expectation" that this production would not exceed 1,200,000 vehicles annually by 1999, although Andriessen stressed that there was "no relation between imports and this number" .
Baker travelled to Egypt on July 19 for talks with Mubarak, who expressed his support for the US plan, as did the visiting Lebanese Foreign Minister Faris Buwayz.
Although he declared the start of a "new era" in relations after his visit, Egyptian officials expressed disappointment at their failure to broker a compromise with Levi on Palestinian representation at the peace conference.
Opposition parties also expressed concern over the Council's plans, as announced on July 17, at a time of rising costs for national reconstruction, to endorse a cash payment of KD20,000 (US$65,000) to each Kuwaiti family as compensation for damage during the occupation.
Other Gulf states led by Oman had expressed a preference for an Arab force drawn exclusively from GCC countries.
Hungary expressed its readiness to sign an agreement on co-operation in the near future.
On July 10 China expressed "reservations" over the arms communiqué, saying that passages relating to arms transfers and disarmament were "not well balanced" .
This said that the Treaty should be discussed further, since it did not reflect the people's wish, as expressed in the March referendum [see pp. 38078-80], to preserve the Soviet Union as a federation.
President Askar Akayev of Kirghizia condemned the "anti-constitutional coup" and Yeltsin's decrees were repeatedly broadcast, but the Kirghiz CP expressed its support for the SCSE.
The Romanian government expressed its concern for "our brothers in the republic of Moldava [Moldavia]" , and warned that "any nostalgia for communist totalitarianism is nothing but the harmful consequence of a dangerous lapse of memory" .
Byelorussia's President, Nikolai Dementei, who had expressed support for the coup, resigned on Aug. 25, and the Supreme Soviet voted to declare "the political and economic independence of Byelorussia" .
Izetbegovic appealed to Turkey and the EC for support in resisting Serbian plans to divide up Bosnia-Hercegovina between Serbia and Croatia with a Moslem buffer state between the two, a proposal in which Tudjman had also expressed interest.
A four-point agreement laid down that borders could be changed only by democratic and legal procedures, and that the democratically expressed will of nations and republics to self-determination including secession and association should be respected.
Republican Senator John C. Danforth, the self-appointed mediator between the two sides, expressed his dismay over Bush's opposition to a provision of Danforth's proposed compromise bill which would prohibit employers from adopting employment standards which were not directly related to job performance.
In announcing that he had signed the legislation, Bush issued a statement in which he expressed strong distaste for several (unidentified) provisions, and criticized as "unnecessary" the bill's central attempt to define covert action.
Others had reportedly expressed opposition to greater representation for Iran-based Shia guerrillas in any future negotiations.
All 27 MPs belonging to the Jatiya Party voted in favour of the new reforms despite the party's expressed preference for presidential rule.
Ayala Lasso also expressed the hope that the admission of the Koreas would reduce regional tension and provide the two states with "an appropriate forum in which to consider the many things they have in common and to overcome the few remaining obstacles to their unification" .
The report expressed particular concern about what it called "an accelerating pattern of short-term detention, torture and ill-treatment of alleged political opponents" .
However, Slovak Premier Jan Carnogursky dismissed the idea on Aug. 16, expressing his satisfaction with the existing government coalition, while welcoming any support the HZDS might give to government economic policy.
According to the International Herald Tribune of Aug. 27 Iran had expressed its willingness to host a conference of leaders from the Soviet Moslem republics to forge a "common stance" against Soviet authority.
In their final communiqué issued on Aug. 9, Foreign Ministers "expressed sorrow over the ordeal to which the Iraqi people are being subjected" but charged the Iraqi regime with "full responsibility for the human and material losses" incurred by its invasion of Kuwait, and stressed that Iraq's "non-commitment to implementation" of all UN resolutions "necessitat[ed] the continuation of sanctions" .
(The Iraqi News Agency was quoted as reporting on Aug. 3 that Arab League Secretary-General Ahmed Esmat Abdel Meguid, at a meeting with the Iraqi and Yemeni delegations in Istanbul on Aug. 3, had expressed support for the ending of the blockade.)
On Jewish immigration it expressed "concern over the continuation of the plan to repatriate Soviet, Falasha and other Jews to Israel" .
Both sides expressed satisfaction with the result, and UN Secretary-General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar stated that "the Gordian knot has been untied" .
Hawke, whose visit was scheduled to take place in October to link in with the Commonwealth heads of government meeting in Harare, expressed concern over the slow pace of reform.
The governments of France and Belgium had expressed concern earlier in the month after the police fired on protestors on Sept. 2.
In Quebec, the secessionist Parti Québecois expressed immediate opposition, their leader Jacques Parizeau, describing the proposals as "the biggest power grab" by the government in half a century.
The province's Liberal Premier Robert Bourassa, however, expressed a readiness to negotiate his province's future in a renewed confederation within the government proposals, while emphasizing his determination not to bargain away any of the province's existing economic powers.
Responding to concern expressed by Andreotti over human rights in China, Jiang Zemin said that China's record on feeding and clothing its population constituted observance of human rights, and was "a great contribution to world peace" .
He also expressed his appreciation for "the large amount of work" done by Anand and Arsa in developing Sino-Thai relations.
Chinese Premier Li Peng also held talks with Wee, and expressed his confidence that a peaceful settlement to the Cambodian issue would be reached.
At the Apeldoorn meeting, ministers acknowledged the concerns expressed over this by Greece and other southern member states, and Netherlands Finance Minister Wim Kok conceded that a majority of the 12 was necessary.
He also expressed doubts about the feasibility of a rapid integration of east European countries into the EC.
Later in the month Iliescu was reported to have expressed a readiness for Romanian-Moldavan unification.
According to the Middle East International of Sept 27, his dismissal came after he chose publicly to express his views during the Ba'ath Party's 10th regional congress held on Sept. 12-13.
[For recent concern expressed by the UN Human Rights Commission over Iran's human rights record see p. 37929.]
Iran's Supreme National Security Council (SNSC) on Sept. 21 expressed concern over the pact and said that it would seek "explanations from Kuwait on the contents of the agreement" .
The conference also resolved to express concern over the nuclear "threat" posed by Israel and to press for a nuclear-free zone in the Middle East.
The then Foreign Minister, Reis Malile, said afterwards that Albanian-Chinese relations had developed "non-stop" , and expressed the wish that Albania should expand relations with China, both politically and economically.
It expressed the hope that the concern for the implementation of UN resolutions would lead to increased pressure on Turkey to comply with resolutions calling for an end to the occupation.
In March 1991 the MSI-DN deputy Massimo Abbatangelo was sentenced by a Florence court to life imprisonment in connection with the bombing of the Naples-Milan express in December 1984 [see p. 33792].
The Bologna appeal court in April 1991 quashed the convictions of Mario Tuti and Luciano Franci, who had been given life sentences in December 1986 [see p. 34956]in connection with the 1974 bombing of the Italicus express [see p. 26820].
The opposition Labour Party expressed fears that EC membership could damage Malta's economy and might lead to an unacceptable loss of independence and sovereignty.
On the issue of policy towards the European Communities (EC), which was a key factor in Thatcher's departure, the Conservatives remained seriously divided, with Major stating his wish to be "at the very heart of Europe" [see p. 38115]while many of his colleagues expressed outright opposition to any loss of national sovereignty in the ongoing negotiations within the EC on economic and monetary union and political union.
He expressed Yugoslavia's wish for closer economic ties with the EC, and was looking for further aid.
As the changes in direction of WEU policy continued to develop, concerns were expressed over the future of various joint arms development projects which had been agreed within its general parameters.
Both parties expressed a strong desire to avoid another tussle of this kind, and some politicians advocated that the Senate should be informally consulted before Bush announced future nominations.
Aylwin stated that he "deplored the incident" and expressed his "solidarity" with Kohl.
The Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade (MOFERT) on Oct. 11 expressed "strong dissatisfaction" with the US decision, and accused the USA of disregarding its "tremendous efforts" to seek a solution.
China expressed "grave concern" over the DPP's commitment to independence for Taiwan.
Speaking prior to meeting with Vietnamese Foreign Minister Nguyen Manh Cam in Paris (at the signing of the Cambodian peace agreement — see p. 38511), Baker expressed US willingness "to turn a page on the Vietnam War" .
Vietnam, while expressing its willingness to help in the matter, insisted that it was an essentially humanitarian issue and should not be coupled with the larger political relationship.
UK Prime Minister John Major wrote on Oct. 21 to Delors to express "severe irritation" over an Oct. 17 communication from Carlo Ripa di Meana, the Commissioner responsible for the environment, calling on the UK government to halt work on seven transport construction projects because environmental considerations had not been taken into account.
Visiting Washington on Oct. 1 the Amir of Kuwait Shaikh Jabir Ahmed al-Jabir al Sabah expressed his gratitude to United States President George Bush and to the US people for withstanding "evil tendencies — motivated by false ambitions, mad greed and deep hatred —[which]exploded at one inauspicious moment" .
In numerous communiqués issued on Oct. 16, many of Algeria's over 40 opposition parties expressed dissatisfaction with the electoral laws as passed, but indicated that they would participate in the December election.
Reports on Oct. 18 said that the German Defence Minister, Gerhard Stoltenberg had assured ministers that the new corps did not signify a "questioning of NATO's central role" , but that both UK and Netherlands officials had expressed concern.
This in particular(i) warned that it was essential that the additional demands on resources associated with reconstruction in the Middle East, unification in Germany, the economic transformation of eastern Europe and prospects for reform in the Soviet Union should be met by reductions in the absorption of saving by governments and an increase in private saving, and that an important contribution could be made by "reassessing spending on defence and subsidies" ;(ii) expressed concern over delays in the Uruguay Round of GATT negotiations [see this page];(iii) welcomed the continuing commitment of eastern European countries to stabilizing and reforming their economies along market-oriented lines in spite of the added difficulties caused by the collapse of trade in the former COMECON area; and (iv) also welcomed the intention of the authorities in the Soviet Union to "intensify reliance on market mechanisms and to integrate the economy into the multilateral trade and payments system" .
Political observers felt, however, that difficulties could still arise with the USA, because of his publicly expressed view that Japan's trade surplus was a "fundamentally insoluble problem" caused by unstoppable world demand for superior Japanese products, and would remain impervious to import tariffs or even major currency shifts.
The PAC also expressed its discontent at the name of CODESA — it had proposed "conference for a constituent assembly" — and the venue — it had urged that it be held at a "neutral" venue, outside South Africa.
Concern was expressed that the country, once a key strategic ally of the USA, would descend further into anarchy; Zaïrean exiles also expressed fears that Mobutu would be tempted to use force against the opposition now that foreign troops had been withdrawn.
He expressed particular concern that the President would remain Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, albeit nominally.
Democratic mayors did badly in Houston and San Francisco, Mississippi replaced Democratic governor Ray Mabus with its first Republican governor since the 1870s, and Virginia and New Jersey elected Republican legislatures in votes widely interpreted as expressing dissatisfaction with their Democratic governors.
A spokesman for Walsh expressed satisfaction with Abrams's conduct and his sentence.
Speaker Thomas S. Foley expressed confidence that this would be overridden, but the House — also on Nov. 19 — fell 12 votes short of the necessary two-thirds majority in its 276-156 vote, also on Nov. 19, when 43 Democrats joined with 113 Republicans in backing Bush.
Expressing concern about calls for Taiwan independence, he said that China had noted the Taiwan authorities' "strong stand" against independence activists.
He also expressed "grave concern" over North Korea's alleged construction of a nuclear fuel reprocessing plant.
The issue of Pakistan's nuclear policy figured prominently in the talks, and a Foreign Ministry spokesman said that Pakistan, while expressing its desire to maintain its long-standing relationship with the USA, was nevertheless not prepared to sacrifice its principles and national interests.
Addressing concerns expressed about the problem of lawlessness in some parts of the country which was deterring some businessmen from expanding their operations, Khan reassured them that a special force would be set up by the government specifically to protect oil installations.
On defence and nuclear issues, Solanki expressed his "unhappiness and disappointment" that the Soviet Union had on Nov. 11 voted in a UN General Assembly committee in favour of a proposal sponsored by Pakistan and seconded by Bangladesh for a nuclear-free zone in south Asia.
The army C.-in-C., Gen. Try Sutrisno, expressed regret for the killings, but said that the troops had had "no choice" but to fire.
The government expressed concern over the breakdown in public order in the Tropojë and Shkodër districts, due to shortages of food and energy.
The then Prime Minister Popov expressed concern in his talks with van Eekelen about a military build-up in Turkey.
Delegates returning to the West Bank from Madrid on Nov. 10 were greeted in Jericho by thousands of people expressing euphoric support.
In a statement quoted by Syrian Arab Republic Radio Arafat praised the pan-Arab position which Syria had expressed at the Madrid conference.
The statements said that NATO remained essential but welcomed the growth of a "European identity" in defence matters, expressed in the European Communities (EC) and in the Western European Union (WEU).
International financial markets experienced a period of considerable turbulence in the autumn of 1991, as uncertainties grew about the sustainability of the recovery in the United States economy, and as fears were expressed that the German economy might also face intractable difficulties in meeting the costs of unification.
Fears of a major world stock market crash were expressed on Nov. 17-18, after a 120-point fall in the Dow Jones Industrial Average in New York.
Immediately before the conference Germany had expressed reluctance to commit further funds to the projects because of the costs of German unification.
In an interview with The Times of India on Oct. 5, 1990, King Wangchuck expressed his willingness to enter into a dialogue with the dissidents.
Disagreement over the airport project had soured relations between China and the UK, with China expressing concern that the project might leave Hong Kong in serious financial difficulties when the colony reverted to Chinese control.
Genuine international concern over the possibility of all-out war breaking out was expressed on a number of occasions.
The Gulf war and its attendant debate over the dispatching of Japanese troops overseas also affected Japan's relationship with its Asian neighbours, many of whom expressed fears that such a development might be the first step towards a resurgence of military power commensurate with the country's huge economic strength.
Attitudes independent of the Soviet Union were expressed by the encouragement during 1990-91 of Mongolian culture.
Aquino reiterated her assurances that the movement would not become a political party, and expressed her optimism that an accommodation could be reached between Kabisig and the LDP.
Aquino expressed her disappointment that, after an exhaustive legal process, the court had not directly implicated those, including the Marcoses, who were widely believed to have ordered the crime [see p. 37716].
In 1989 he began libel proceedings in the UK against the Singapore government after the Privy Council had expressed "deep disquiet" over his treatment by the government [see p. 37574].
Expressing concern over events in eastern Europe, it rejected outright the possibility of major political reforms and a leading reformist Tran Xuan Bach was dismissed from the politburo.
Malaysia, and to a lesser extent Indonesia, expressed concern at a November agreement which provided for increased US use of Singapore's military facilities.
Although Keating once again expressed optimism that the recession was bottoming out, he ruled out any further cuts in interest rates in the immediate future.
After the election the new government in November 1990 again expressed its support for the ban and confirmed that it remained in place.
Prior to the Alma Ata meeting, Kazakhstan's President Nazarbayev had expressed his preference for the name "Eurasian Commonwealth of Independent States" for the new body.
He reviewed the changes made during his period as Soviet leader saying that "a totalitarian system which deprived the country of an opportunity to become wealthy and prosperous a long time ago has been liquidated" , and he expressed his hopes for the future: "Some mistakes could probably have been avoided, much been done better, but I am sure that sooner or later our shared efforts will achieve results."
On foreign policy issues the European Council "expressed its preoccupation with the critical food supply situation in Moscow and St Petersburg" and agreed to "take concrete rapid steps to help the populations of these cities" .
The European Council declared that "at a moment when these Republics express democratically and peacefully their will to accede to full sovereignty, the Community and its member states wish to open with them, in a spirit of co-operation, a dialogue regarding the development of their mutual relationship" .
Opposition figures expressed concern that this timescale would not give newly emerging political parties sufficient time to establish themselves.
Nsanzimana commented that both would be offered representation in the government if they gave up this condition and expressed a willingness to participate.
They also adopted a new manifesto expressing the party's support for Marxist-Leninist policies and committing the SACP to the process of negotiations.
Whilst noting the developments in human rights since the unbanning of political organizations in February 1990, Amnesty expressed its concern at the number of killings in which security force members appeared to be directly implicated but where the security forces failed to take appropriate action.
On Dec. 7 the Zaïrean government asked for the action to be suspended and expressed its indignation over the manner in which its nationals had been expelled "in spite of the blood ties" between the two countries.
Maxime Ferrari, chair of the opposition exile group Rally of the Seychelles People for Democracy, expressed concern at the slow pace of the proposed reform process.
Civic and business groups in San Salvador organized a massive pro-government rally on Dec. 7 expressing support for the role of the army and calling for the demobilization of the FMLN.
Also reaffirmed was a commitment to protect the environment and to the creation of a new regional ecological order, support being expressed for the Costa Rican government's proposal calling on the UN to establish a Council of the Planet Earth during the UN Conference on Environment and Development in Brazil in 1992.
A congressional deputy, Jorge Schaulsohn, publicly expressed his lack of confidence in Pinochet to conduct a proper internal investigation within the army and FAMAE.
A statement on Cuba expressed "profound concern" over the country's current situation and future and, reflecting a compromise, offered Latin America's help in achieving "justice, freedom, democracy, respect for human rights and free and open economic development" if President Fidel Castro introduced political, economic and social changes which would allow its reacceptance into the OAS.
The party — itself in disarray from scandals and factionalism — expressed its discontent over the deal by boycotting the vote to extend the Diet session, an act widely interpreted as indicating the dissolution of the party's alliance with the LDP.
In the week leading up to the anniversary pro-US legislators made plans to pass a Diet resolution expressing regret for the action.
He also expressed "deep remorse over the unbearable suffering and sorrow Japan inflicted" by its "reckless" decision to go to war with the USA.
He stated that the Diet would "definitely" approve a formal resolution expressing regret, and that this would constitute a "milestone" in Japan's acceptance of responsibility for the war.
The march, scheduled to end in the Kashmiri capital, Srinagar, on Jan. 26 (Republic Day), had reportedly been organized to express the BJP's opposition to the special constitutional status accorded to Kashmir and, in particular, to a clause prohibiting non-Kashmiris from owning land in the state.
On Tibet the communiqué noted that China had "expressed concern about the continued activities in India by some Tibetans against their motherland" , while India had reaffirmed that "Tibet is an autonomous region of China" .
A joint statement issued on Dec. 23 after Rutskoi's meeting with Afghan government ministers said that the Russian Federation had expressed "pleasure and satisfaction" at Afghanistan's "continued efforts to secure the release of [Soviet]POWs" .
The UN Secretary-General, Javier Pérez de Cuéllar, had sent a letter on Dec. 12 to the German government, expressing his concern over German intentions.
An International Monetary Fund (IMF) report given to Treasury Minister Guido Carli on Nov. 18 had expressed similar reservations on planned deficit reductions: "What is perceived as politically feasible still falls short of what is required."
In August the KKE had expressed support for the attempted coup against Soviet President Gorbachev, and Papariga now declared that the process of perestroika "which has been presented as the political restructuring of socialism, is in fact a most savage…restoration of capitalism" .
He did not express, however, a commitment to the continuation of a multiparty system.
On Dec. 5 the Arab League Council, after meeting in Cairo, issued a statement expressing "solidarity" with Libya, and calling for the avoidance of any military or economic action against Libya and for the setting up of a joint Arab League-UN committee "to study all the documents connected with the incident" .
The statement prompted on the following day a message from UK Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd expressing surprise at its content.
By that date the Libyan leader Col. Moamer al Kadhafi had also expressed, in an interview with an Egyptian newspaper, his readiness to accept the findings of an international inquiry which might be carried out under UN auspices.
An Egyptian-registered ferry-boat, the Salem Express, sank some 9 km off the Egyptian Red Sea port of Safaga on Dec. 15.
A call by the Arab Economic Unity Council (AEUC) on Dec. 5, urging an end to the boycott was supported on Dec. 16 by India which expressed "serious concern over the non-availability of medicines and food in Iraq" .
Earlier, Baker had told NATO ministers that he had been satisfactorily assured by the four republics which he had visited that they were prepared to place their nuclear weapons under one authority, with some republics expressing interest in becoming non-nuclear powers [see also p. 38655].
An Agence France-Presse (AFP) news agency report of Dec. 8 said that ICO Foreign Ministers who met for a preparatory session in Dakar on Dec. 5-9, had adopted a draft resolution expressing "full solidarity" with Libya in its confrontation with Western states over the Lockerbie affair [see p. 38599]and underlined their "concern over…the possible use of force" .
It "expressed anxiety over the violation of human rights in Kashmir" .
A communiqué published on Jan. 23 by the presidency of the European Communities (EC) expressed a strong hope that "the Algerian authorities will undertake every possible effort for a return to normal institutional life so that…the democratic process will pursue a stable course" .
However, the ANC expressed grave concern that the government had not given a timetable beyond step two of their plan.
The opposition also expressed concern that political parties would be required to pay a deposit of francs CFA30,000,000 (US$157,800).
He expressed approval for the concept "that when able-bodied adults receive government assistance, they have responsibilities to the taxpayer: a responsibility to seek work, education, or job training, a responsibility to get their lives in order, a responsibility to hold their families together and refrain from having children out of wedlock, and a responsibility to obey the law."
Bush visited Japan on Jan. 7-10 and held several sessions of talks with the beleaguered Japanese Prime Minister Kiichi Miyazawa, when they agreed on a vaguely worded Tokyo Declaration which expressed the commitment of the two countries to work together in support of a new world order.
Roh expressed concern over Miyazawa's plans to resurrect stalled legislation which would allow the despatch of Japanese military forces overseas in order to participate in UN peacekeeping actions [see p. 38529].
The Malaysian government expressed concern over the agreement and warned that, along with other ASEAN countries, it would oppose any attempts to establish a new US naval base in Singapore.
On Jan. 7 she declared her intention to contest the presidency, and expressed the hope that she could forge a united opposition coalition.
Ruslan Khasbulatov, Chairman of the Russian Supreme Soviet, at a meeting of the Presidium on Jan. 13, supported the criticisms of Yeltsin's economic policies which were being expressed by Vice-President Aleksandr Rutskoi.
On coming to power in Tbilisi, the new military council expressed its readiness to search for a negotiated solution to the problems in South Ossetia and, as a gesture of goodwill, on Jan. 7 released the Ossetian leader Torez Kolumbegov who had been held since January 1991 [see pp. 37971; 38014].
Hungarian officials expressed the hope that the move would "exercise a positive influence on Hungarian-Romanian relations" .
Otakar Motej, Chairman of the Supreme Court, who represented Havel during the Federal Assembly's discussion of his proposals, expressed disappointment at the deputies' lack of trust in the President.
At a victory press conference Bossano denied that the result meant that Gibraltarians were anti-Spanish, "nor that they were expressing hostility nor enmity towards Spain" .
In a New Year message to the King, published in Rabat, the Moroccan capital, on Jan. 4, French President François Mitterrand expressed his "deepest gratitude" for the brothers' release, but on French television on Jan. 5 the Minister-Delegate for Humanitarian Action, Bernard Kouchner, described the affair as "scandalous" and "revolting" .
The Amir, Sheikh Khalifal bin Hamad al-Thani, received a petition in mid-January from 50 leading Qataris demanding the establishment of a consultative assembly with legislative powers; the signatories expressed their concern and disappointment over abuse of power in the emirate and called for reforms of the economy and the education system.
UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Norman Lamont expressed enthusiasm, saying that "the clear view was that recovery had been delayed, not cancelled" .
Although officials stressed that the decision to extend negotiations had been anticipated in a draft accord, submitted by GATT's Director-General Arthur Dunkel on Dec. 20, it was understood that the EC had expressed fierce opposition to Dunkel's latest proposals to cut internal price supports by 20 per cent, to reduce export subsidies by 36 per cent and to trim the volume of subsidized farm exports by 24 per cent .
The EC Trade and Agriculture Ministers, meeting in Brussels on Jan. 10-11, had restated their reservations (expressed at an earlier meeting on Dec. 23), saying that "insofar as the Dunkel paper calls into question the foundation of the Communities' agricultural policy, the paper is not acceptable" .
Both Japan and South Korea had expressed reservations about Dunkel's draft accord on the grounds that it would oblige them to open their rice markets by imposing "tariffication" under which import quotas would be converted into tariffs [see p. 38602].
The text of the letter, which was released in full, expressed regret for misleading the officer by failing to disclose the depth of his opposition to the war, and also thanked him for "saving me from the draft" .
The European Parliament on Feb. 14 approved a resolution calling for an end to "the deplorable situation of human rights abuses" in Guatemala and expressing concern at the lack of progress in investigating abuses.
US concern was expressed over possible Argentinian arms sales to Iran.
Nazarbayev stated that Kazakhstan was willing to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, and he expressed concern at growing Islamic fundamentalism in Central Asia.
Miyazawa, at the time of his appointment, had expressed the view that Japan's perennial trade surplus was a "fundamentally insoluble problem" , caused by unstoppable world demand for superior Japanese products.
Ramos, a Protestant, was criticized on Feb. 18 by the influential (Catholic) Archbishop of Manila, Cardinal Jaime Sin, who attacked him as a former Marcos stooge and expressed his preference for Mitra, thus denting Ramos' dwindling support within the LDP.
In his address to the congress, the chair of the Russian Supreme Soviet, Ruslan Khasbulatov, expressed support for the continued existence of collective and state-owned farms as the most effective way to provide food at the present time.
The EC's Feb. 17 statement expressed grave concern about attacks on the Greek minority in Albania, and called for the re-establishment of public order by the Albanian government.
At the meeting Petkov expressed concern about the government's economic programme, in particular a proposed wage freeze until the end of 1992.
Popularly called the "Milovy agreement" (after the location of the commission's meetings), the document declared that the peoples of the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic "recognize each other 's sovereignty" and that "we express our will to live in a common state" .
The vote in the 20-member body was tied, however, and senior political leaders from several parties expressed the view that the preliminary decision did not present a bar to further negotiations.
Antall asserted on Feb. 23 that the coalition was not threatened, and expressed the hope that as many as possible of the 12-strong minority Torgyan faction in the FKgP would decide to support the government.
Meanwhile a breakaway session of the assembly, endorsed by Serbian leaders, met in Glina, northern Krajina, on Feb. 9 and unconditionally accepted the UN plan, expressing full support for peace efforts.
The majority shareholders at the same time expressed strong criticism of the Bank of England and other regulators over their handling of the affair.
The demonstrators were protesting at the imminent loss of 5,000 jobs in the region in the mining, steel, shipbuilding and fertilizer industries, and expressing fears for the future of at least half of Cartagana's active workforce of 60,000.
According to the version of the letter published in Panorama, owned by socialist media baron Silvio Berlusconi, Togliatti, who spent much of the Second World War in Moscow, had expressed the view that the deaths of the prisoners would help to turn the Italian people against fascism.
In a statement released on Feb. 7, the Bundesbank, the German central bank, expressed doubts about the plans for a single currency outlined in the Maastricht Treaty.
However, Dumas was believed to have expressed disquiet at the suggestion that Lebanese elections might be held before the proposed withdrawal of Syrian troops in September.
He expressed his hope that they would set up a national assembly and leadership council in exile to focus efforts around a single opposition leadership.
He had reportedly criticized the kingdom's policies in his Friday prayer sermons, opposed the presence of US troops, and put his name to a collective letter by a group of Moslem clerics to the country's supreme theologian, Sheikh Abdel-Aziz bin Abdullah bin Baz, expressing opposition to the US-sponsored Middle East peace conference which had begun in Madrid in October 1991.
The newspaper had, it reported, contacted some of those whose views the advertisements claimed to express, and found that they had not approved or even been aware of the advertisements.
NATO Secretary-General Manfred Wörner expressed regret at the decision.
As the east European member states of the former Warsaw Pact and Council for Mutual Economic Assistance (CMEA, or Comecon) continued to experience severe economic difficulties in their transition to free-market systems, concerns were expressed during January and February at a series of incidents in which arms manufactured by those countries were supplied to Middle Eastern countries, apparently in contravention of the existing multilateral arms control provisions.
Expressing concern about the global economic recession, US and German officials called for a special G-7 summit to break the existing stalemate on GATT talks.
On Feb. 23 the US Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Herman Cohen had met with opposition representatives and President Déby while on a visit to N'Djamena, and had expressed continued US support for the "democratic process in Chad" .
The report also expressed concern about the former exchange system.
For the first time since independence in 1966, criticism of the government of President Hastings Kamuzu Banda, previously only expressed by groups in exile, was voiced inside the country.
On March 9, on the eve of Super Tuesday, Harkin announced the ending of his campaign, but avoided expressing a preference for any of the remaining Democratic candidates.
The Malaysian Foreign Minister, Abdullah Ahmad Badawi, summoned the Myanman ambassador in Kuala Lumpur on March 10 to express concern over Myanma's treatment of the Rohingya minority.
However, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), present at the release ceremony, expressed concern over "a new spate of detentions" .
The Netherlands government expressed its disappointment over the Indonesian decision and regret over "the words in which it was phrased" .
Although Namaliu suggested that disciplinary action might be taken over the "regrettable incident" , he also expressed concern over the assistance allegedly being provided to the BRA by the armed forces of the Solomons.
President Ion Iliescu expressed concern to the Ukrainian and Russian Presidents on March 19 over the course of events and protested against the actions of Cossack forces.
The Greek ambassador to Albania was summoned to the Foreign Ministry on March 10 to receive a complaint concerning pamphlets in Greek expressing "chauvinist and nationalist" sentiments which had been distributed illegally in southern Albania.
Catherine Lalumière, Secretary-General of the Council of Europe, expressed concern earlier in the month about "deficiencies and loopholes" in the Screening Law passed in October 1991 [see p. 38541], while the International Labour Organization (ILO) had called on the government to abolish or amend the law.
The Montenegrin and Serbian authorities had expressed their commitment to the continuation of the Yugoslav state in February [see p. 38779].
Following the first of the month's raids, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees, Sadako Ogato, expressed concern for the killing of nine people, including women and children, in an Iraqi Kurdish village 30 km inside the border.
In an apparently conciliatory gesture, the statement also noted that the Council "hopes that the goodwill expressed by the Deputy Prime Minister of Iraq will be matched by deeds" .
Despite initial optimism expressed by Abdul Amir al-Anbari, Iraq's permanent representative at the UN and head of the Iraqi delegation, it was understood that the UN side, led by Assistant Secretary-General Giandomenico Picco, had been severely constrained by the terms set by UN Security Council resolutions on Iraqi oil exports [see pp. 38406; 38452; 38548].
The decree defined the areas on which the Council would "express opinions" as including the general plan of economic and social development, annual reports submitted by ministries, international laws and treaties and the interpretation of laws.
In the following week US officials expressed concern at alleged fresh shipments of weapons aboard North Korean ships, reported to be Scud-Cs, surface-to-surface missiles or Chinese M-9s.
A report by the GATT secretariat expressed concern over US trade policies on March 12, in an unusual criticism of a member state.
The foreign ministers of the Rio group of 11 Latin American countries joined the Bolivian, Chilean, Honduran and Jamaican governments in expressing their deepest concern, as did Argentina and Brazil, but none withdrew recognition of Fujimori in favour of San Roman as the legitimate President.
The ANC, while expressing delight at their decision, nevertheless continued to call for the dissolution of the tricameral parliament, which it regarded as essentially racist.
However, some pro-Chinese politicians expressed concern that Patten might give preferential treatment to British business interests.
The UK Sunday Express newspaper of March 29 reported that the Chinese government had compiled a "blacklist" of several hundred Hong Kong residents who had been targeted for arrest by China when it resumed sovereignty of the colony in 1997.
The report, described by the Independent of April 21 as a "damning litany of broken promises and mixed opportunities" , also expressed serious doubts about protection offered to the colony's judiciary, its legislature and people by the Basic Law, the post-1997 constitution promulgated by China in 1990 [see p. 37248].
Nevertheless, UNTAC officials continued to express concern over ceasefire violations [see p. 38817 for reports of fighting around Kompong Thom in March].
The delegation subsequently expressed its dissatisfaction with the inability of State ministers and officials to respond fully to various queries raised by its members.
The directive also covered assisting patients to take their own life, and medical intervention to terminate the life of someone unable or no longer able to express his or her wishes.
The Remmelink Commission, set up in January 1990, published its conclusions on Sept. 10, 1991, calculating that in the Netherlands there were annually some 2,700 cases of euthanasia or assisting the death of patients, and some 1,000 cases of intervention to terminate the life of patients unable to express their wishes.
The ministers had expressed their concern over the conflict at the Conference on Security and Co-operation in Europe (CSCE) meeting in late March [see p. 38841]and a meeting of "experts" from the four Foreign Ministries on March 31 to April 1 had prepared proposals for the Foreign Ministers' meeting.
The new version claimed that this was for reasons of efficiency rather than a political move, although Vagnorius had expressed concern about former communist links and obstruction of policy.
Meanwhile, the NSF led by former Prime Minister Petre Roman elected a new executive bureau on April 9 and condemned the NSF-22 December branch, saying that it did not exist as a party, but only "expressed an intention" .
US President George Bush and EC Commission President Jacques Delors both expressed hope and commitment, but reported no concrete progress, after meeting in Washington on April 22.
The Financial Times of April 16 reported that Japan had sent confidential letters to both the USA and the EC expressing concern about their failure to comply with the Uruguay Round timetable.
Watanabe was reported to have written to US Representative for Trade Negotiations Carla Hills and EC Commission Vice-President Frans Andriessen, expressing disappointment over US and EC proposals for exemptions for trade in services, and over their failure to submit detailed proposals for industrial tariff reductions as they were supposed to by the end of March.
Later he expressed his "revulsion and pain" over the street violence, condemning the "mob brutality" as "sickeningly sad" .
In an interview with the South African Communication Service broadcast on May 21, Foreign Minister Amr Mohammed Moussa of Egypt expressed hope that co-operation with South Africa would begin as soon as a political settlement was negotiated.
Particular concern was expressed about the dissipation of the country's mineral wealth; the NPRC promised a review of all mining contracts and action against smuggling.
Siyad Barre was meanwhile reported to have left Nairobi, the Kenyan capital, for Nigeria on May 17, after more than 200 Kenyan members of parliament had called for his expulsion, expressing fears that the instability in Somalia might spread to Kenya.
An opposition communiqué released on May 20, however, expressed a willingness to hold talks with the government in order to pave the way for a return to democracy.
The ministers expressed their solidarity with the Venezuelan government, which survived a coup attempt in February [see pp. 38759-60].
Keating expressed regret over the resignation, describing Richardson's relationship with Symons as unfortunate but not improper.
Indonesia and Australia had both expressed support for regional security talks.
In meetings with President Vaclav Havel and other government leaders Major also expressed strong support for Czechoslovakia's accession to the European Communities by the end of the decade.
United Kingdom Prime Minister John Major met Hungarian government leaders during a visit to Budapest on 28 May, and in a joint statement expressed strong support for Hungary's accession to the European Communities by the end of the decade.
Hikmet Cetin, Foreign Minister of Turkey, which according to the Kars treaty of 1921 was joint guarantor with Russia of the status of Nakhichevan and which shared a small section of its border, expressed his country's disapproval on May 19.
In an interview with Estonian Radio on May 7, Justice Minister Mart Rask expressed satisfaction with the new code, which, he said, would enable the government to continue with its judicial and criminal reform programme.
The UK Labour Party expressed concern about the lack of parliamentary scrutiny of MI5 and called for the establishment of a select committee to supervise all the intelligence agencies.
A high level of violence continued in the predominantly Kurdish south-east as the government expressed disquiet over the elections on May 19 for an Iraqi Kurdistan National Assembly [see p. 38934].
The application by Russia was welcomed in principle but reservations were expressed, in view of the possible further disintegration of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), as to whether other components of the former Soviet Union such as the central Asian republics could be regarded as part of Europe.
The following day Israel expressed satisfaction over Tutwiler's statement.
The joint council of the Gulf Co-operation Council (GCC) member states and representatives of the European Communities held its third meeting in Kuwait on May 16, and issued a statement noting that the EC's proposed carbon tax [see p. 38938]had been discussed at length, that GCC countries had expressed doubt as to its effectiveness in curbing emissions, and that negotiations on this topic would continue.
In a final statement the ministers expressed "deep concern" over the conflicts in Yugoslavia and in Nagorny-Karabakh and Nakhichevan, on the southern edge of the former Soviet Union and close to Turkey, a NATO member.
The participants expressed determination to strengthen South-South co-operation by reactivating for example the meetings of the co-ordinating countries of the action programme for economic co-operation among NAM countries, and the ministerial standing committee for economic co-operation.
Carey expressed disquiet over reports that the question of population control had been left off the agenda of the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro in June due to Roman Catholic pressure.
The result prompted French President François Mitterrand to announce on June 3 that a referendum would be held in France to ratify the Treaty; both Mitterrand and Chancellor Helmut Kohl of Germany issued a statement expressing their joint commitment to completion of the ratification process.
The European Parliament on June 10 passed a resolution by 238 votes to 55 with 10 abstentions expressing its determination "that the process of establishing European Union should proceed without delay" , and the hope that "Denmark will be in a position to return to the fold as soon as possible" .
Responding to pressure from the Greek government the European Council "expressed its readiness to recognize" Macedonia (following its earlier recognitions of Slovenia, Croatia and Bosnia-Hercegovina —see pp. 38703-04; 38848-49) "under a name which does not include the term Macedonia" .
At least 24 groups had expressed their intention to register as political parties.
Taylor was reported on Monrovia radio to have expressed regret over the deaths and to have pledged the NPFL's commitment to the ceasefire.
Although Clinton expressed his disapproval of private investigations of public lives, he remained largely aloof from the Perot-Bush exchanges, stating that he was content to "let them play it out" .
Although the self-imposed deadline for the talks had passed at the end of May without agreement, the federal Minister Responsible for Constitutional Affairs, Joe Clark, expressed optimism that an agreement would soon be forthcoming.
Companies present included such multinational companies as ICI, Philip Morris, Eastman Kodak, American Express and Proctor and Gamble; 80 of the participants were US firms, although investment in Cuba was forbidden by US law and the 30-year US trade embargo had been tightened in April [see pp. 38858-59].
The letter represented the views, already widely expressed [see p. 38906], of UNO right-wingers led by Vice-President Virgilio Godoy Reyes and Alfredo César Aguirre, the leader of the bancada (the UNO grouping in the National Assembly).
He also expressed confidence that US aid would be resumed "within a few months" , claiming that the suspension had been due to the disproportionate influence exercised in the US Congress by the extreme right-wing Republican Senator Jesse Helms, but that Helms's views did not represent those of the administration.
Interest was also expressed in constructing a highway connecting Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay; this project, together with the Paraguay-Paraná rivers waterway, would "constitute key elements for the physical integration" of Mercosur countries.
Concern over Japan's enactment of the PKO legislation was expressed by senior political figures in many east Asian and south-east Asian states, including China, North Korea, South Korea, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore and Taiwan.
Both groups were reported to have expressed their willingness to support the Lakas-NUCD coalition in the new legislature.
The Australian government on June 16 expressed its concern at the discrepancies between the sentences imposed on civilian protesters and those given to soldiers in the wake of the November 1991 army massacre of pro-independence demonstrators in Dili, the capital of East Timor [see pp.38579-80; 38677; 38769-70; 38867-68].
Turkey and Egypt expressed readiness to participate in a UN peacekeeping force.
On June 13, having heard speeches from both Walesa and ex-Prime Minister Olszewski, delegates adopted a resolution "expressing indignation at recent events in Poland and the role played by the President in them" and calling for the exposure of secret service agents.
The Russian Federation Security Council meeting on the same day expressed concern over arms deliveries from Romania to Moldova (although on May 31 the Moldovan Foreign Ministry had denied Gen. Grachev's claims that Romania was supplying Moldova with tanks, claiming that only pontoon bridges and trucks were donated).
They specifically condemned the continued fighting in the former Yugoslav republics, expressed their "strongest support" for the UN sanctions imposed on Serbia and Montenegro (the new "rump" Yugoslavia), and called for a peaceful solution to the conflict in Nagorno-Karabakh.
Resolutions on Palestine and on Lebanon expressed concern about the continued transfer of Jews to Israeli-occupied territories and about the Israeli occupation of parts of southern Lebanon, calling for Israeli withdrawal.
Doubts about a rapid economic up-turn had been expressed by US Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady, who at a parallel meeting of G-7 finance ministers indicated that economic growth in the US was expected to slow in the second quarter of 1992 although longer-term prospects were more hopeful.
In a marked change of tone from the hard-line anti-inflation communiqués of recent years, the declaration expressed concern about fast-rising unemployment in the West and pledged to adopt policies aimed at job creation.
Drawing special attention to the Uruguay Round of trade talks, summit leaders expressed "regret" over the slow pace of negotiations since the London summit, but said that they were "convinced that a balanced agreement is within reach" by the end of 1992.
He expressed dismay at the fact that the State President had failed to respond to the list of demands —mostly aimed at curtailing township violence —that the ANC had said should be sufficiently met before it returned to the negotiating table [see p. 38948].
In spite of reports from July 20 onwards of truce violations on both sides, both the government and the FPR expressed optimism about the success of the peace negotiations.
Mancham expressed surprise at the results and called for a recount.
The catalyst for Garrett's resignation was an account of the ordeal suffered by one of the victims, published in the press on June 24, which led President Bush to express his outrage over the incident and the inadequate nature of the Navy's response to it.
However, fears were expressed that the US$3,200 million in US Treasury bonds promised as collateral, to be placed in a special account to accrue interest, offered insufficient security.
In the final debate of the summit, leaders expressed solidarity with the absent Colombian and Peruvian leaders, while expressing the wish that democratic institutions should be restored as soon as possible in Peru.
China was more reserved, expressing its support for some of the principles in the declaration.
A joint communiqué on closer economic co-operation between developed and developing countries expressed "dismay" over the failure to conclude the Uruguay Round of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT).
On July 14 the Islamic Conference Organization (ICO), reportedly at the instigation of Pakistan, expressed concern over the threat posed to the mosque at Ayodhya.
Izvestiya of July 24 noted that the US-based human rights group Helsinki Watch, had expressed concern to Uzbek President Islam Karimov over the incident.
He expressed the hope that the move would lead to improved relations with New Zealand which, in 1984, had instituted a ban on the entry to its waters of vessels carrying nuclear weapons.
In a pre-Forum meeting between Australia and New Zealand, Australia expressed concern over the continuing allegations of human rights abuses by Papua New Guinea on Bougainville, where a secessionist guerrilla war had been in progress since 1989.
During the conference the leaders expressed their concern over traditional regional issues including nuclear tests, the incineration of chemical weapons on Johnston Atoll, and the threat posed by rising sea levels.
The G-24 group expressed readiness to provide Albania with food aid until the 1993 harvest, and beyond if necessary.
Although Meciar pledged the same day to respect the rights of all in Slovakia, including "Hungarians, Poles, Ukrainians…not only as cohabitants but as brothers" , leaders of the 600,000-strong Hungarian minority in Slovakia expressed concern at recent attempts by Slovak leaders to enact restrictive language laws, and said that they would seek regional autonomy within independent Slovakia.
Although Meciar pledged the same day to respect the rights of all in Slovakia, including "Hungarians, Poles, Ukrainians…not only as cohabitants but as brothers" , leaders of the 600,000-strong Hungarian minority in Slovakia expressed concern at recent attempts by Slovak leaders to enact restrictive language laws, and said that they would seek regional autonomy within independent Slovakia.
The democratic press expressed concern over the threat to freedom of expression by publishing on July 16 a second issue of Obshchaya gazeta, a joint paper published during the coup to overcome censorship.
Bruno Trentin, leader of the communist CGIL trade union federation, resigned after signing the agreement, after many union members had expressed dissatisfaction.
After anxiety expressed by foreign bankers over the uncertain legal status of the foreign debt of the four existing concerns under the new structure, and after it was confirmed on July 20 that a fifth state holding company, Efim, had unilaterally declared a moratorium on its debts, of which over a quarter was owed to foreign banks, for up to two years, the government announced on July 23 that the companies, IRI, ENI, ENEL and INA, which had all on July 13 become joint stock companies, would remain under Treasury control.
The inspection produced no evidence of information on Iraq's chemical and ballistic missiles programme, the issue about which suspicions had been expressed by UN weapons inspectors.
The resolution was interpreted as authorizing the use of force as a last resort, as several European governments expressed the need for caution.
On Aug. 10 a representative of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees in Zaghreb, Croatia, received from the Bosnian Serb authorities a list of 5,000 families (some 28,000 people) from the predominantly Moslem town of Bihac who they claimed had "voluntarily" expressed the desire to leave Bosnia-Hercegovina for Croatia.
Despite the August accord both sides complained of ceasefire violations throughout the month, and on several occasions the rebels expressed scepticism about the commitment of President Juvénal Habyarimana to the peace talks.
Particular concern was expressed that a post-mortem examination had not been carried out, apparently on the instructions of Muliro's physician.
On Aug. 17, in a letter addressed to President Gouled Aptidon and the President of the Consitutional Court, 20 parliamentary deputies expressed their opposition to the referendum.
They also expressed a desire to institute mechanisms for co-operation and integration before then, although the need to safeguard against South African economic domination in the region was stressed.
Ron George, leader of the Native Council of Canada, expressed his support for the package which, he said, would allow Canada's native inhabitants for the first time to become "contributing members instead of poor statistics" .
Caribbean Community (Caricom) leaders expressed concern that NAFTA would diminish the benefits which the region had obtained under the Caribbean Basin Initiative (CBI) with the USA.
He expressed confidence that the Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front (FMLN) would demobilize their remaining guerrilla forces and that the government would honour pledges on political and security reforms pledges by Oct. 31, the deadline for compliance with the terms of the January peace treaty which ended the 12-year civil war [see pp. 38716; 38809; 38906].
Initially Ramos expressed no opposition to the ruling but, on Aug. 17, he altered his position following pressure from central bank governor Cuisia who had said that individuals would not be let off past breaches; Justice Secretary Franklin Drilon, who had initially merely commented that the judge had made an erroneous decision, since the new regulations were not even in effect at the time of the ruling, later instructed government lawyers to investigate the possibility of an appeal against the dismissal of charges.
On Sept. 1, Yeltsin and Snegur expressed their satisfaction that peace had been restored to the Dnestr region.
The congress expressed support for President Kravchuk, but sought the dismissal of the present government under Prime Minister Vitold Fokin, the dissolution of the current parliament (elected in March 1990) and the holding of fresh legislative elections.
In particular there were calls for the resignation of the state Interior Minister, Lothar Kupfer, who initially expressed "a certain understanding" for the rioters.
Serious reservations were also believed to have been expressed by Egypt and Saudi Arabia.
On Aug. 20 Egypt expressed concern for the safety and integrity of Iraqi territory.
There was initial optimism that there had been a breakthrough in relations between Syria and Israel, but by Aug. 27, Palestinian negotiators were expressing disappointment at the detailed autonomy proposals presented by the new Labour government.
The German Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety Minister, Klaus Töpfer, initially expressed disappointment with the French action, but agreed to respect it after a meeting in Strasbourg on Aug. 31 with the French Environment Minister, Ségolène Royal, pending further talks later in the year.
EC Finance Ministers met in Washington late on Sept. 20 (where they were attending the IMF annual meeting) and expressed the hope that the result would ease tensions within the EMS.
Although President dos Santos had long expressed his willingness to form such a government, the agreement marked a significant policy change for Savimbi who had hitherto ruled out political co-operation with the MPLA-PT.
The SAP leader, Montri Pongpanich, was not appointed to the Cabinet, after the other coalition members had all expressed their opposition to his membership.
The trip was conducted in a cordial atmosphere, and Roh expressed satisfaction that the Chinese government had signalled its willingness to assist with the process of Korean reunification by assuming the role of "honest broker" .
On Sept. 4, the Russian, Kazakh, Kirgiz, and Uzbek presidents, expressing concern at violations of Tajikistan's southern border with Afghanistan, decided to send reinforcements.
Some 85 per cent voted to reject the simple plurality single member system (first-past-the-post) currently in use, and 70 per cent expressed a preference for its replacement by a mixed member proportional (MMP) system based on that used in Germany.
The two-part referendum asked voters to choose whether or not to retain the existing electoral system, and to express a preference for one of four alternative systems.
(The second vote was to be of significance only if a majority expressed a desire for change in the first.)
A further 60 seats would be filled by a second vote in which electors would express their preference for political parties rather than individual candidates, with the seats being distributed in accordance with the proportion of the vote achieved by each party.
Many Asian countries attending the meeting expressed concern that the North American Free Trade Area (NAFTA — see pp. 39045-46), linking Canada, the USA and Mexico, might divert investment away from Asia.
[For attitudes of Islamic countries as expressed at Non-Aligned Movement summit see p. 39122.]
MPs gathered in the House of Common on Sept. 24 for an emergency debate on the government's handling of the currency crisis, and voted by 322 to 296 in favour of a motion expressing support for the government's economic policy.
The Council issued a statement on Sept. 9 expressing support for the air exclusion zone imposed over southern Iraq, for the Moslems in Bosnia, the Somali people, and the UAE in its current dispute with Iran — rejecting Iran's "continued occupation" of the disputed islands and affirming that the GCC would support any measures that the UAE might take to "affirm its sovereignty" .
The statement also expressed concern over the suffering of the Somali people, and condemned Serbian action against the people of Bosnia-Hercegovina.
Istiqlal and the Socialist Union of Popular Forces (USFP) expressed disappointment with the proposals, while the two smaller parties, the Organization for Democratic Popular Action (OADP) and the Union Nationale des Forces Populaires (UNFP) called for a boycott.
During the recess (Sept. 3-13), the Israeli side expressed optimism over the progress of talks with Syria.
The IMF's own financial problems were highlighted by its Interim Committee which, after a meeting on Sept. 20-21, expressed concern over delays in US contributions worth US$12,000 million.
Finance Ministers of the Group of 24 (G-24) developing countries met on Sept. 19, urging the West "to provide adequate financial flows…to improve their prospects of sustainable growth" , and reportedly expressing concern that the preoccupation of the richer nations with the currency crisis would affect future aid flows.
Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE), however, had both expressed satisfaction with present prices.
Iran expressed strong reservations about some aspects of the draft, and a number of other governments, among them China, Pakistan and several Arab countries, also hinted that they might not sign the treaty, the product of 24 years of protracted negotiations which had often been deadlocked by Cold War rivalry.
While the treatment of Bosnian Moslems elicited almost universal condemnation, some African countries reportedly expressed reservations about using the NAM summit as a forum for inter-religious confrontation, claiming that Moslem nations (forming about 40 per cent of the NAM membership) were waging a jihad or "holy war" against the former Yugoslavia.
Malaysia's Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamed expressed the prevailing discontent with the post-Cold War "new world order" , describing it as "the revival of the old Western colonialism" .
Indian and Inuit leaders expressed anger over the result of the referendum.
Mediators from the Italian government and Roman Catholic Church, expressing "deep regret" at Dhlakama's decision, said that these points had been covered in the treaty and that his objections did not justify a delay.
Opposition leaders, however, expressed concern at the continuing military disruption of the transition period, and questioned whether effective action would be taken against the military.
The governments of Argentina, Chile and Mexico also expressed their strong disapproval of the law.
Amnesty International, which described Guzmán as a "political prisoner" , also expressed concern over whether the proceedings met international standards for a fair trial.
Both Ozawa and Hata expressed their disapproval of the choice by boycotting occasion of the announcement of Obuchi's selection.
Akihito expressed his "deep sadness about this" but stopped short of issuing an outright apology.
Chinese officials expressed anger at his reform package and, according to the Far Eastern Economic Review of Nov. 5, threatened retaliation which could make Hong Kong virtually ungovernable in the five remaining years of British rule.
The Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) summit in Bishkek on Oct. 9, while expressing concern over the situation, failed to agree on sending peacekeeping forces, and weaponry continued to be supplied to Tajikistan through border incursions from Afghanistan, despite the reinforcment of border troops [see pp. 39097-98].
On Oct. 25 the two main opposition groups, the DCR and the NSF, expressed their support for a DNSF minority government on condition that it committed itself to "the evolution of Romania towards democracy…and the pursuit of economic reform" .
"The European Council expressed its deep concern over the appalling situation in Somalia and the continuing deaths and starvation.
Prime Minister Giuliano Amato said that the loan, estimated later in the month at ECU8,000 million (about US$10,600 million), was principally to secure visible EC support for Italy's financial troubles, and would not be used until the EC had expressed a "positive opinion" on Italy's budget and economic policies.
Concern was also expressed in the press that the state had surrendered precious parts of the country's history, the Tatoi and Mon Repos estates both being rich in archaeological treasures.
On Oct. 20 Japan expressed regret over what it claimed was an alleged breach by France of an agreement not to disclose preparations for the shipment.
The Democratic Party, the Pan-Africanist Congress and the South African Council of Churches expressed similar views.
The European Communities (EC) expressed concern on Nov. 4 at "irregularities" surrounding the elections and called for peaceful dialogue.
On Nov. 27 it was reported that the US State Department had expressed US willingness to airlift 3,000 UN troops from Belgium, Canada and Egypt once the UN gave approval for their deployment.
The secretary-general of the opposition Social Christian party, COPEI, Eduardo Fernández, condemned the coup attempt, although he expressed dissatisfaction with the government and the current limitations in the operation of democracy.
Kerry delivered a letter from US President George Bush to President Le Duc Anh of Vietnam which, he said, set out a "road map" for normalizing US-Vietnamese relations and "expressed very directly that the co-operation from Vietnam will be met by reciprocal action by the United States" .
While celebrating the first occasion since the Spanish occupation of 1571 on which foreign troops had not been based in the Philippines, the country's President, Fidel Ramos, expressed the hope that his country could develop "even stronger ties with the USA" following the withdrawal.
In separate declarations on Nov. 12 Serbia, Albania and Bulgaria expressed support for a Greek initiative to guarantee the existing borders of Macedonia, apparently designed to allay international concern about Greece's intentions towards the former Yugoslav republic.
In a speech to Hungary's National Assembly, Yeltsin expressed the hope that the two countries could put their mutual bitter past behind them and relaunch bilateral relations on a fresh sheet.
Despite the increased deficit, IMF officials holding talks in Warsaw with the Polish government expressed satisfaction with the vote by the Sejm, seeing it as a sign that the government could push its programme through parliament.
By contrast, after talks with Major on Nov. 11, German Chancellor Helmut Kohl expressed understanding for Major's domestic problems and said that "what is decisive for us is that the Treaty should remain unchanged and should be ratified as such by all states within the EC so that it can come into force in 1993" .
On Nov. 8 in Berlin some 300,000 people expressed their solidarity with foreigners, at a rally attended by Federal Chancellor Helmut Kohl, President Richard von Weizsäcker, and all the Land (state) heads of government (except Max Streibl of Bavaria).
Chile was formally admitted as a new member, and it was reported that China and Iran had also expressed a wish to join the organization.
Other governments which expressed censure included Egypt, Jordan, Morocco, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia and Turkey.
The Democratic Party, a member of Civic Union, which was simultaneously holding its (fourth) party congress, expressed support for the new Chernomyrdin Cabinet.
At a separate press briefing on Dec. 4, US Defence Secretary Dick Cheney and Gen. Colin Powell, chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, indicated that troops might stay longer, a view also expressed, on Dec. 8, by President-elect Bill Clinton.
In a statement reportedly approved by Commonwealth Secretary-General Chief Emeka Anyaoku, the group expressed "deep concern" about allegations of "violence, misconduct and intimidation, apart from impropriety on the part of officials" .
On Dec. 19, the leader of the group, Mr Justice Telford Georges, was reported to have expressed concern over the 45 nominations, at a meeting with Moi.
Judge Marvin Shoob, who presided over the trial of the Atlanta BNL branch former manager Christopher Drogoul [see p. 39135], expressed surprise and disappointment at Lacey's conclusion on the grounds that there was "ample evidence not only of a cover-up, but also of government participation that was improper" .
Panama and Costa Rica had yet to ratify the SICA protocol, but their government leaders expressed their determination to participate.
Concern was expressed about the possible impact of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA — see pp. 39045-46; 39234) in reducing preferential arrangements for US imports from central America.
In conclusion he expressed the hope of an era of new administrative responsibility shared by the legislature, the executive and the judiciary.
South Korean officials expressed the view that Kang's unprecedented return to the premiership would lead to an increase in economic co-operation between the two Korean states.
According to Sakhat Muradov, Chair of the Turkmen Supreme Soviet, the new council's supervisory role would not weaken presidential authority or the Supreme Soviet's legislative function; it was empowered to rule on "the most important questions" of economic and political life in Turkmenistan, and could also call for changes to the constitution and express no confidence in the President should he break the law.
The United Kingdom had consistently expressed reservations over intervention, in contrast to the stance of the USA which called for preventive bombardment of Serb positions; however, on Dec. 20 outgoing US President George Bush and UK Prime Minister John Major agreed in Washington to support a UN resolution enforcing the flight ban.
In a letter to the PK's founding congress, Suchocka expressed the hope that the new party would prove a stable member of the government coalition, as part of the Polish Convention.
The European Council took note of the co-ordination taking place on justice and home affairs and, expressing its deep concern at "the intensification of episodes of intolerance" , it "underlined that there must be no room for racism and xenophobia in today's Europe" .
EC Foreign Ministers meeting on Dec. 7 said that the EEA should go ahead without Switzerland, while expressing regret over the outcome of the Swiss referendum.
Political and church groups and sports- and businesspeople also launched campaigns to express solidarity with foreigners and opposition to violence.
UN nuclear weapons expert Maurizio Zeffirero declared on Dec. 8, following an inspection visit to Iraq, that the government had expressed its willingness for the first time to open discussions regarding foreign suppliers of its nuclear weapons programme.
This appeared to resolve a controversy in which the USA had expressed misgivings about the effect of the new corps on NATO.
Both Iran (which had already sent arms) and Saudi Arabia expressed their readiness to send troops to Bosnia.
However, at our pre-congress meeting, many reservations were expressed, the most important of which was concerned at the timing of any merger and about how the new union would be controlled.
Decisions to terminate legal assistance under rule twenty seven are different from other decisions made within the union, because they are invariably made on the express written recommendation of a specialist in law.
Now, I know our views on this will differ somewhat, but even the European Commission has publicly expressed its concern just recently over the levels of unemployment across Europe and about the international competitiveness of European industry compared with the rest of the world.
The take-up has been better than indicated by the survey  we would support the views expressed regarding changes and in particular point thirteen.
But I think that from, er, Sir Edward's point of view, he has done jolly well, and er, the families have already expressed their great gratitude to him.
I mean Tony's been at the club a long time he's expressed a wish to go erm his style and his age is probably just right to go on the continent, he's twenty six years of age and er I would guess that his particular style wou possibly would be better suited to continental play than it is in England.
An official from the Inspectorate of Pollution had expressed worries that the scheme would cause more pollution but today those criticisms have been withdrawn.
Can I ask you Mr  we we reported on this programme yesterday morning that an official from the Inspectorate of Pollution had expressed worries that the scheme could cause more pollution.
You're not expressing opinions you're expressing technical er situation.
No but again it does but but but when the but when the local community rises up like this and and expresses such a a heart felt opinion on something elected representatives or not surely they ought to to listen when a specific issue like this is is obviously causing such concern?
If the Department of the Environment think that there are issues of more than local importance they will call it in but their preliminary view expressed to the local MP Mr  is that they don't believe that's the case.
Well I don't believe that they would succeed because I think that we have taken account of all the views expressed and that members will be making an informed decision today.
Hadn't she, Melissa, expressed just such a sentiment?
Neither Harris nor Iris, Melissa reflected, had expressed any such view.
If it was Mrs Foster's intention to express disapproval of the Major's predilection for gossip, the animation in her tone and the wild fluttering  of her colourless eyelashes seemed rather to show an unhealthy interest in what he had to say and an eagerness to discuss it.
She had a tiny mouth (‘like a hen's arse' was Grunte's privately expressed opinion) and had, because of her aggressive plainness, so far escaped Grunte's ‘paternal’— or should it be ‘fraternal’— sexual attentions.
push off — that was implied in her attitude, if not expressed in words.
If, instead, we chose to express the fair share price formula in terms of earnings rather than dividends, we would get (using the second line of (6.22),(6.27) and (6.31)).
Yet another formulation expresses the fair share price not in the form of a price level but in the form of the price-earnings ratio (PE).
In practice, the PPP theory is not usually expressed as in (7.4) in terms of price levels, mainly because of the difficulties involved in determining an appropriate base year for computing the price-level indices.
Instead, the theory is usually expressed in terms of changes in price levels in different countries, that is, in terms of differential inflation rates.
In other words, the rate of appreciation of the exchange rate, s (expressed in $ per), increases with the US inflation rate and decreases with the UK inflation rate.
As such it is measured by the ratio of the variance of nonmarket risk to the total variance and expressed as a percentage.
The return on the portfolio consisting of security1 and the market portfolio may be expressed as, and the risk of the portfolio return as,.
The explanatory power of the model in this case may be estimated by expressing the unexplained variance () as a proportion of the total variance in IBM's returns ():.
Furthermore, the model can be adapted so that it can express the risk premium (expected return less the riskless rate of return) of the security as a function of the risk premium of the market portfolio.
The return on any security may be expressed as follows: where
At expiry the value of an option may be expressed as follows:.
This will be partially or totally compensated by the underwriting fees F, and the return may be expressed as a percentage of the subscription price as follows,.
The foreign companies traded have the nominal values expressed in the native national currencies; for example, the shares of Dutch chemicals company Akzo have a nominal value of 20 florins.
Gross dividend yield (GDY %); this is the gross dividend expressed as a percentage of the market price (P).
And that the siren's downcast eyes expressed
The relationships between these three can be expressed as
It may be helpful to management to express both stock level and debtors in terms of weeks of sales, giving figures more easily related to company day-to-day operations.
It should be borne in mind that these ratios are based on financial statements which only report on those ‘facts’ that can be expressed in money terms.
Those aspects of the business not capable of being expressed in financial terms may have an important effect on its success.
It can often be brought into areas where they feel more willing to express an opinion by putting the problem in terms of comparative bets, using the notion of the equivalent urn.
The consultant or the additional research will express a view on project success or failure and the probability of this view being correct is assessed in each of the two cases.
In Figure 6.9 the planner has expressed the view that there is a 0·5 probability that job X will be repeated once and a 0·2 probability that it will then be necessary to repeat it once more.
In the first category there were 13 variables of the type normally expressed numerically.
The appropriate style in any case depends on the relationship between the leader and the follower, expressed in terms of the maturity of the follower.
It is useful for the leader to start initial discussions by asking general questions such as‘How are we doing in your area?’, conveying joint responsibility and leading the follower into expressing views on how to improve performance.
A measure of the errors was agreed as the number of errors expressed as a percentage of the number of drawings issued.
Words are in many ways the tools of thought; they are what the individual uses to formulate as well as express his ideas.
The tendency is for English language based thinking to see things on a grey scale because of the relative ease with which nuances of meaning can be expressed.
It also contains genetic urges to move, express feelings and make a noise, often in conflict with social demands.
Concern was immediately expressed by the staff about the nature of the exercise and the points made by the director.
Although it was stressed at this meeting by one speaker that the school should make the appraisal a valuable exercise, other teachers expressed concern over whether their reports would actually be read.
In the research branch of the Local Education Office a different opinion was expressed.
The Director of Studies expressed an interest in how much three dimensional (3D) work was included in pupils' experience and was dissatisfied with what he was told.
For her part, she expressed much satisfaction with the review procedure and the extent to which, she felt, the  Senior Management Team had obtained a valid picture of her work.
At the beginning of her appraisal interview, she expressed a general satisfaction with her status and responsibilities.
AT3 had experienced great difficulty in finding a job in teaching and from time to time expressed thankfulness for the one he had now.
Some scepticism was expressed, however, about the extent to which the recommendations in the report addressed to the Senior Management Team would be implemented:
The Director of Studies expressed strong misgivings over the amount of his time (he claimed that it has ‘cost’ him 32 periods) which the review of this small department had taken.
Concerns were expressed, nevertheless, notably by one of the teacher unions, about how the information would be used.
We scored ‘strongly agree’ as 5 for statements which expressed positive attitudes towards the Solihull booklet and towards SSE generally and as 1 for statements which expressed negative attitudes.
No significant difference was found, suggesting that with due caution, the views on SSE expressed by the respondents might legitimately be extrapolated to Solihull secondary teachers generally and the oral responses were added to those of the rest of the sample for analysis.
However, less than a third claimed that any changes had resulted from its use, despite the positive attitudes generally expressed towards its general utility (see below).
Teachers in the northern school openly admitted the social problems of their pupils and their consequent educational difficulties, whereas teachers in the southern school expressed much satisfaction with their particular status quo.
Those in between(i.e., 6 to 15 years service), who are perhaps at the point in their careers when promotion in teaching is most keenly sought, are positive, expressing willingness to take part in SSE irrespective of direct personal benefit and considering that SSE should be made compulsory in school.
The items included in this scale each summarised sentiments frequently expressed by teachers during the school visits.
We scored ‘strongly agree’ as 5 for statements which expressed positive attitudes towards the Oxfordshire scheme and towards SSE generally and as 1 for statements which expressed negative attitudes.
It is appropriate here to recall the attitudes expressed by the non-respondents to the survey.
This term subsumes professional and moral accountability, and expresses the spirit of the second of the LEA's intentions.
Some historians of the war have recently expressed serious reservations about the Titmuss interpretation.
Expressed in this way, ‘A Plan for Britain' was symptomatic of a mood of collectivist enthusiasm which seemed to find its opportunity in the shared perils and challenges of the early years of the war.
The views he expressed in The Middle Way, published in 1938, pointing towards a managed economy and the expansion of welfare services to achieve a national minimum, came close to expressing the essential ingredients of what both PEP and the Next Five Years Group wanted in the way of a change of direction by the National Government.
In 1938, when the Spens report elaborated the demands for reform which had been expressed throughout the interwar years, the educational system was clearly having undesirable social effects.
His writing both expressed and shaped the ‘secondary education’ that was demanded.
It allayed doubts about the technique and its freedom from cultural determinants that were already being expressed.
Problems such as overcrowded classrooms became newly visible both in debates over reconstruction and evacuation and in the concern with ‘the state of the nation’ as expressed in fears for ‘the visible embodiments of posterity’, the nation's children.
The applicant needed six months training in order to learn the skills of the new job and had expressed the desire to resume work after her baby was born since the employer had indicated that the job could become a permanent position.
The principle of effective judicial protection is expressed by a provision on the three Sex Equality Directives (75/117 on equal pay, 176/207 on equal treatment in employment and 79/7 on equal treatment in social security) which requires Member States to introduce into their internal legal order such measures as are needed to enable all persons who consider themselves wronged by discrimination ‘to pursue their claims by judicial process’.
These provisions which must be construed in the light of the principle they express, confer upon every person, who considers him/herself discriminated against, a right to an effective national judicial remedy and a right to a real and effective sanction.
In December we also won the Daily Express ‘Housebuilder of the Year’ award.
‘You've also got to be able to express yourself well in writing — there are a lot of reports to compile.’
As we reach the end of 1993, and before we start on the challenges which the new year will bring, I want to express my thanks and appreciation to you, as members of our Company for your contribution to our business over the last year.
In doing so he expressed thanks also to CSD staff and pointed to the construction work currently under way on the new European Technology Centre at Royston as a demonstration of our showing confidence in the future and JM's determined intention to maintain leadership.
In the absence of Ken Davies (who had succeeded John Darbyshire as Managing Director in 1985, and is now living in England) he expressed the hope that at some future date we might have the opportunity of planting a third tree!
He also thanked all employees for the tremendous efforts involved in building the new Johnson Matthey and on a day when South Africa was celebrating National Peace Day, he expressed hope that this may be a new beginning in a much broader sense.
‘All BNFL people and contractor companies involved have done an excellent job and I would like to express the company's thanks.
Capt. Hughes Vincent and Capt. Pierre Lecointre had expressed an interest in visiting Sellafield and Barrow because one of their regular cargoes is spent nuclear fuel from European reactors en route for Sellafield.
He accepted the original challenge from Technology plc and said: ‘I'd like to express my appreciation to Walsall FC and especially to Technology plc, who arranged the coach for the CMS team's 15 spectators who travelled down to Walsall and for organising the match officials and buffet in the evening.’
The article headlined ‘The Nuclear Express!’ was full of good positive statements about this transport and concluded: ‘It had been an eye-opening day for me on Britain's safest train’.
Weekly Newspaper of the Year was the Stockport Express and editor Peter Greenwood received the award.
One of the panel, Keith Parker, editor of the Wolverhampton Express and Star, described the selection as ‘a very difficult job’.
1.3.1 Teachers, moderators and subject assessors had expressed the view that there was a need for extending continuity and progression of the existing module.
Both during and after work experience the student is given the opportunity to express his/her feelings and reactions to the community involvement.
Group work and team work skills will be emphasised and students will be encouraged to express their personal feelings and reactions to the residential experience.
The use of interpersonal skills will be emphasised and the student will be asked to express their personal feelings and reactions to the learning gained and to review the value of the learning gained in relation to personal and social development.
In group discussions, students will be expected to evaluate their own performance in terms of strengths and weaknesses and to express their own feelings and reactions to the learning gained.
Students will review the learning they have gained as a result of the investigation and will be given the opportunity to express their personal feelings and reactions to this.
Students will be asked to review the learning they have gained as a result of conducting the investigation and they will be asked to express personal feelings and reactions to the experience.
Students are also asked to analyse and evaluate the progress they have made towards their set target, identifying the learning they have gained and expressing their feelings and reactions to the experience.
There is an element of assessment of the interpersonal skills used during the module and students will be asked to express their feelings and reactions to the experience as a whole.
British Rail representatives have recently expressed their wish to site their sponsored trailer in BR training centres around the country.
All professional work is done under contracts containing either an express or implied term that the professional person will use reasonable skill and care in the performance of the work.
The consequences of a hazard can be expressed either
Similarly, the likelihood or frequency of a hazard can be expressed either
The Rules of Conduct and Codes of Practice may be amended, varied or rescinded as the Council may think fit and the Council may, in its absolute discretion, waive the provisions of any of the Rules of Conduct or Codes of Practice for a particular purpose or purposes expressed in such waiver and may revoke any waiver.
I feel that in this poem, the poet is expressing an anxiety.
In this poem the poet is expressing an anxiety about the modern day church.
I feel more that Harper Lee is expressing concern about the inhumanity that man does to man.
I would be happy to convene such a meeting with such other colleagues present who expressed the need (eg. Education, Communications, etc).
Concern has been expressed in many quarters about recent apparent changes in the attitude of the police to Charity Sponsored Walks, etc. on public highways.
The WCC Scholarships Unit expressed doubts that enough suitable students would apply.
The evening of talented entertainment was hilarious and also included shafts of criticism expressed in humour that struck me as evidence of CA's basic good health.
Other decisions involving new operations include the rapid start up of Abbey National Life, the attraction of Jger Edv-Systeme, a small but significant software project from Germany, and the strong interest being expressed by two international hotel chains in establishing budget hotels in the city.
Other residents have also expressed concern about the visual impact of these gates and the materials used in their construction.
Could I also express my satisfaction and that of other residents with the service provided by Mr Curwen's taxi-bus on school days.
At the recent meeting of Nether Wyresdale Parish Council concern was expressed about the state of the hedges on your property on both sides of Trough Road near Wyresdale Crescent and on Gubberford Lane between the river bridge and the first bend.
Nether Wyresdale Parish Council have asked me to express their strong objection to the proposed closure and to urge you to do all in your power to prevent it.
I have been asked to write to you to express the grave concern of Nether Wyresdale Parish Council about the proposed sale of the piece of land adjacent to Wyresdale Crescent Scorton by Wyre Borough Council Land and Properties Sub-Committee.
At the recent meeting of Nether Wyresdale Parish Council I was asked to write and express the council's concern about the apparently unauthorised tipping taking place on the area known as ‘the Cut’ in Scorton.
At the recent meeting of Nether Wyresdale Parish Council concern was expressed about the apparently unauthorised and uncontrolled tipping taking place in the area known as ‘the Cut’ in Scorton.
At the last Parish Council meeting concern was expressed about a number of recent incidents.
I have been asked by Nether Wyresdale Parish Council to express their grave concern about the apparently haphazard and uncontrolled infilling of the area in Scorton known as ‘the Cut’ the site of the former mill ponds.
I have been asked to express the concern of Nether Wyresdale Parish Council about the safety aspect of the now derelict mill building on the Dairy Yard in Scorton.
The Parish Council have asked me to express their grave concern that such an incident could have occurred at all.
Nether Wyresdale Parish Council have asked me to express their concern at the time taken to finalise this planning decision.
Nether Wyresdale Parish Council have asked me to write and express their utmost concern at the policy adopted by Wyre Borough Council on Rents for Council Dwellings as expressed in the minutes of the Housing and Environmental Services Committee (8th September 92 HS.59).
Nether Wyresdale Parish Council would like to express their appreciation of the effort that went into carrying out the survey.
At the recent Annual Meeting of Nether Wyresdale Parish concern was expressed about the state of the old stable yard at the end of Station Lane near the Little Chef.
I have now discussed the matter with our Chairman and three other Councillors and serious concern had been expressed about the implications and apparent lack of information and consultation on such an important issue.
These somewhat simplistic approaches have been the subject of just criticism, e.g. by Dixon, who urged caution on raw citation searching as proof of productivity, but who expressed overall support for its use in conjunction with other measures.
It has been clearly expressed (Anon 1970) that merely counting ‘publication rate would not distinguish between the fluency of genius and the loud noises of empty vessels.’
Faced with the difficulties of tracing theses, borrowing them, and then extracting the relevant data from them, it is perhaps surprising that the views expressed by one interviewee, that it would probably be cheaper to find a new student and to repeat the research, are not more widely held.
Informal influences in a paper may be expressed only as ‘pers. comm.’ citations, although they may be more significant than many of the published works formally cited.
The view expressed by Lawani & Bayer, that self-citations are used as an ego-enhancement, cannot be tested in the present case, and should be rejected in the absence of evidence, because it is essential for an author to be able to refer back to the unpublished parts of theses.
Dear Bike Express,
Following a telephone conversation in late February in which Mr.  expressed possible BWB interest in collaborating on a project to repair certain sections of the towpath, I had a first site meeting with him on 5th March.
As a result of the article on the PAC in ‘Leisure Painter’ last October, several groups around the country have expressed interest (eg Derby Sketching Club) and we have sold 9 more copies of ‘Art of Midlothian’.
In choosing Eberhard as a son-in-law, Louis and Judith expressed their confidence that he would help reinforce their entente with Lothar; at the same time, Eberhard gained access to Gisèle's generous dowry of estates in Francia.
It's significant too that, especially in the later Books, Nithard expresses increasing admiration for Louis the German.
One tradition argues that this concept refers to a "state of mind" , one that expresses withdrawal from or disenchantment with the life that one leads.
On this rendering of alienation as a state of mind the most usual form of this would be as an attitude scale consisting of a series of statements judged to express alienative feelings, and to which subjects have to respond in terms of their agreement or disagreement.
Attention to the instrumental theories underpinning data should point toward the fact that materials are often open to varying interpretations; another way of expressing the idea that theories are under-determined by data.
Broadly expressed, variable analysis is the disposition to see and describe social life as a collection of variables which, potentially, can be quantified and the relationships between them also measured and described in quantitative terms.
Here, it seemed, was a method capable of testing theoretically generated hypotheses by expressing the hypothesised relationship between two or more factors quantitatively and, so it was assumed, objectively.
But none of these efforts, important as they were, amounted to a mathematised science in which theoretical relationships could be expressed mathematically or, less ambitiously, subjected to stricter testing through measurement.
Money is one of the more fascinating of social inventions which depends on counting as a capacity to express, in a word, measure, the social value of individuals, labour and commodities in society.
However, asking people to express attitudes was a relatively straightforward way of producing a large number of indicators on almost any subject that was of interest.
A standard model of the progress of science sees it as a move from classificatory knowledge to knowledge which is more quantitative in character and able to express its laws in precise mathematical form.
This connection is normally secured theoretically and depends upon well- established law-like relationships which are not only expressed mathematically but also indicate measurement units, as in the case of the thermometer.
Thus, and again for example, the measure of velocity v=d/t can be instantiated in a number of ways, in car speedometers, lasers bounced off the moon, radar, inertial navigation, astrolabes, etc. and can be expressed in various kinds of ratio scales translatable one into the other, such as feet per second, miles per hour, metres per second, and so on .
Some have expressed doubt that Stevens' scale types add up to a theory of measurement or, if they do, whether this approach is a useful one for social research as it currently stands.
The ratio of sample to population is normally expressed as a fraction, known as the sampling fraction.
For the early British researchers, surveys were a means of obtaining from large numbers of people reports on their conditions of life, while for the American surveyors, more interest was expressed in attitudes and opinions which predispose people to behave in certain ways.
Instead of taking attitudes as relatively straightforward guides to behaviour and expressed as opinions, they sought to measure attitudes more as dispositional and rooted deeper in the personality.
Administering, as part of a cross-sectional survey, a series of attitude questions to a sample of respondents, we will not be able to determine which of them are expressing fairly firm attitudes from those responding out of some whim or other, or who have changed, or who simply want to please the interviewer or get rid of him.
Questionnaires depend on the use of some verbal stimuli — normally a question, but sometimes a statement expressing an attitude or an opinion — designed to elicit a verbal response which is recorded and subsequently analysed along with other responses from other interviewees.
For example, a questionnaire designed to investigate attitudes towards work may provide respondents with a list of statements indicating a point of view to which they have to express a level of agreement or disagreement (see Figure 5.1).
A question should be free of ambiguity, precise and clear; each question should express a single idea.
Loaded questions should also be avoided, although in statements comprising attitudes scales such "loading" is often deliberately intended to express a strong point of view with which the respondent can concur or not.
The Republic had legality on its side and, at the beginning, it seemed inconceivable that the will of the majority, as expressed in the February 1936 elections, could succumb to the self-centred truculence of the minority.
When Jordana informed Ambassador Hayes in November 1942 that an Allied landing in French North Africa would be considered an act of aggression against Spain, he was undoubtedly expressing Franco's, not his own, view.
As a compromise, on 4 March the British, French and United States governments issued a joint Note in which they expressed their rejection of the Franco regime and urged Spain to seek democratic government.
If the concern Franco had expressed for the living and working conditions of the Asturian miners in 1917 had been sincere, it was long forgotten by 1951.
This idea was expressed by an article published in one of the newspapers of the official students' union, the Sindicato Español Universitario (SEU) in 1952:
Political imagery expressed in pictures, in elaborate ceremonial and in official narrative sources is the public face of government.
The idea of the pope exercising the vicariate of Christ had been expressed by Pope Adrian IV some forty years before: "we who, although unworthy, act on behalf of Christ on earth" .
He was, it seems, interested in the prolongation of life; but the picture of the sheer gloom of human existence expressed in "De Contemptu" — which apparently so appealed to contemporaries — does little to enthral the modern reader.
"My kingdom is not of this world" was not regarded as releasing the pope from an active role in government, though it did express the great moral fervour that fuelled the late eleventh- and early twelfth-century reforms — especially in the attack on clerical marriage and in the drive to rid the Church of unchaste priests and to control the proprietary church system (secular theocracy).
Letters 32 to 49 of the RNI were all written on 1 March with the express purpose of pulling out every stop in favour of Otto with the crowned heads of Europe, and especially with the kings of England and of France.
The traditional view of the emperor as the protector and defender of the Roman Church and of the regalia of St Peter, as expressed in the emperor's oath, remained an essential element in Innocent's thought.
It is ironic that the conciliarist idea of power-sharing, buttressed during the fourteenth century by arguments taken from Aristotle, turned upside down the papal stance as expressed by Innocent III.
Performance should clearly speak for itself but the English and Welsh system for some time lacked (and now needs) evaluation and evaluation which can be clearly expressed.
A corporate view, instead, has to be taken of the school's comparison with others — and expressed in terms of measured attainment.
Shah expresses this (1990:316): The overall effect of the National Curriculum will be the reduction of spontaneous teaching.
Parents' main interest was seen as the opportunity to influence the quality of their children's education…the view was expressed that the APM should be seen as the climax to a continuous relationship between various parties and an opportunity for them to come together and ask questions about what had happened over the course of the previous 12 months.
Another way of putting this is to say that human linguistic thought is such that all particular thoughts (whether expressed overtly or not) can be constructed only in terms of ideas classified as either entities or properties, and put together by means of some combination of the four fundamental relations already alluded to.
They are sometimes used solely for the sake of the descriptive properties which they express, as perhaps in: But the majority of their occurrences are aimed at identifying some entity.
Certainly the range of types of referential relation holding between perceived properties corresponding to a qualifying adjective and perceived entities corresponding to its accompanying noun is enormous; a small random sample would include the cases that could be covered by (15) as well as by (14):(15) plastic bottles empty bottles useful bottles different bottles missing bottles It would not be correct, however, to conclude from this evidence that the meaning expressed by qualification is a broad composite notion, from a syntactic point of view.
We shall adopt a small arrow  as our notation for assignment in this sense, so that(31)(excluding irrelevant details like number, and the particular tense employed) may be represented as (35), where we again abbreviate by passing directly from the word forms to the intensional pattern: We may note, by the way, that the copular verb to be is the direct formal representation of the relation of assignment; this has to be expressed overtly in English (as well as being indicated by the order of noun and adjective), although in many other languages, e.g. Russian and Arabic, no overt exponent is required.
To take the particular case of relevance to this book, adjectives in English are, broadly, those words which can instantiate the P in both patterns of: Verbs can instantiate the latter position but not the former; the lexical meaning expressed by a given verb must, exactly, undergo a change of syntactic class in order to do this, this usually being marked by an overt morphological change.
In Chapters 2 to 10 we take the various constructions in which English adjectives actually appear, and consider the grammatical and interpretative consequences of the intensional patterns which are expressed by those constructions, before returning in the final three chapters to more general issues of syntax.
We shall postpone until Chapter 3 the task of setting out the full array of intensional patterns which are expressed in the syntactic structures involving English adjectives.
For instance, the foreign in foreign policy is the same foreign as in foreign goods (where the adjective is ascriptive); likewise the associative abdominal of abdominal support expresses just the same idea as does the ascriptive adjective in:(16) this abdominal region is naturally more sensitive than the upper arm Similarly, in (9) we saw an alteration in the meaning of the noun qualified, but there was no reason to suspect the word Italian in itself of contributing two different values in the cases where it is used adjectivally.
In the latter case, will, in general, not be equivalent to  for any other morpheme in the sentence;(17), in the following newspaper headline:(17) Laos threatens to attack new village the referential locus of new is the E of an implied nominal attack which does not in fact appear; it will in fact only be co-incidence if Ar is identical with the E of a morpheme expressed elsewhere in the same structure, as in (18), the title of an English madrigal:(18) as I go to my naked bed (We return to the notion of referential locus at several points in the remainder of our text.)
However, we have already pointed out, by implication, one very important syntactic consequence: only the ascriptive adjectives are eligible to appear predicatively, that is, in a position like that of hungry in:(19) the antelopes are hungry As was already indicated in Chapter 1, and as we shall see in more detail in Chapter 3, predicative position is the surface structure which expresses the intensional relation of assignment, and assignment does require that the property of the adjective should be construed as applied to the entity of the subject noun phrase.
The reason for this in turn is quite straightforward: in any language which makes a distinction between nouns and adjectives, it will be natural to use an adjective when assignment of a property is required; it may sometimes be quite easy to find an adjective and a noun which express near enough — or even exactly — the same properties, and differ only in that one is an adjective and the other is a noun, but to use the latter for assignment is to risk conveying the unwanted imputation of "entity-hood" on top of the semantic value required (see Section 1.10); therefore when a noun or noun phrase is chosen it will normally presuppose that the construction is not that of assignment of a property but instead one of equation.
By "special constructions" we mean in particular cumulative lists of adjectives as in (12), where, however, the order may be explained by the quite general if ill-defined tendency to leave "heavy" constituents to the latest possible point, as in (13):(12) policies foreign, social and educational  (13) that salesman has just come back who kept getting in the way when you were trying to vaccinate the ewes last week Postnominal associatives may also just possibly be admitted in constructions expressing sharp opposition:(14) scientists nuclear but not biological The latter type, however, is at best questionable; and, as a good general rule, we may say that associative adjectives do not normally occur in postnominal position.
We should also note that there are at least two different factors which may lead us to feel that some notion deserves emphasis; one of course is contrast with another property that might have been expressed; the second is salience of the notion within the particular situation envisaged; this would presumably be true for:(16) Geraldine told us a long story about bee-keepers With these points in mind, we should now compare (15) with (17) and ask ourselves how much emphasis of either kind is present in (17), provided that it is not "read in" in order to support the hypothesis:(17) the ideas discussed will be put to our colonel topics suitable could include divorce and bankruptcy buildings adjacent will be closed for three days Since there is no doubt that these sentences might be used in situations where the property of the adjective would not be contrastive, the only candidate which may have any plausibility is the "salient on this occasion" variety, though there does not seem to be very strong reason to believe that in all cases where these sentences could be used the adjective property will be salient; we return to this later.
He exhibits a number of adjectives which differ in precisely the way required while maintaining the same or essentially the same lexical value (we modify his examples slightly where it is possible to do so without damage to his case, so as to make the distinction sharper):(19) visible stars vs stars visible the only navigable rivers vs the only rivers navigable a handy tool vs are your tools handy? guilty people vs people guilty As it happens, the examples which Bolinger uses employ words which can make the distinction a rather subtle one, with perhaps the exception of visible stars (a group recognized astronomically) beside stars visible; but it is quite easy to produce further instances which seem to confirm his view:(20) a complaining visitor vs a visitor complaining the eligible bachelor vs the bachelor eligible In other cases, the divergence of lexical value between the two positions may be greater but still with the characteristic value for the former, and the occasion value for the latter:(21) the responsible man vs the man responsible a sorry sight vs the girl is sorry He notes that the acceptability of an adjective in pre-adjunct position may apparently depend on whether or not it can be regarded as  indicating a relatively enduring characteristic of what is expressed by the noun, as in:(22) the faint girl vs the girl is faint an asleep man vs a man asleep This possibility of course depends not only on the adjective itself but also on the nature of the noun being qualified, so that "when one scratches one's head the result is not *a scratched head but when one scores a glass surface the result is a scratched surface" .
The distinction of meaning is especially clear with perfect participles; these show a well-known alternation between interpretation as expressing an event (therefore the occasion value) and interpretation as expressing a state:(23) labelled goods vs sent goods The word sent is unusual prenominally precisely because it has the sort of meaning which makes an actual or implicit reference to the event of despatch, and hence it is far more likely to be used post-nominally.
For instance, in his discussion about "navigable rivers" he actually says that the phrase:(24) the only navigable river unambiguously expresses the characteristic notion, and not that of being true for some particular occasion; but this does not seem to give an indisputable picture of normal English usage, and the same goes for his remark about:(25) the only river navigable which he describes as "unambiguously occasion" .
More generally, it seems that there are many cases where prenominal adjectives express occasion values, and not a few where a characteristic, in his sense, is expressed by a postnominal adjective.
Indeed these two characteristics are all that is needed in the case of the adjective; the relative clause is in a sense a stalking horse, convenient in that it is more tangible than the relation around which it is built, but unnecessary, and awkward in that it brings with it, in English, the requirement that it must express a tense; for while it is often possible to read a tense into an adjective there is no reason whatever to suppose that there is always some particular tense present to the mind of the speaker but suppressed, as can be seen from instances like (35), where more than one tense could plausibly be grafted onto the sense expressed by the phrase underlined, or, just as well, some adverbial notion like "because" or "if" without any specific tense being implied:(35) motorists guilty will have to pay heavy fines Likewise, the buildings adjacent of example (17) simply take their tense from that of the clause as a whole; if, for instance, we were to switch the tense of the verb in that example in order to shift the whole situation to past time:(36) the buildings adjacent were closed for three days it would be quite unnecessary to presume that an independent mental re-assignment of tense, from present to past, internal to the phrase buildings adjacent, has to take place as well .
Our proposal, then, is that postnominal position expresses the intensional pattern which contains an adjective linked to its head noun by assignment, while remaining part of the same phrase.
The speaker who uses it feels himself or herself to be stating, with an explicitness not found in the merely qualifying adjective, even when it is ascriptive, that the property expressed does hold of the entity identified by the whole noun phrase; an inevitable concomitant is that the postnominal adjective must be to a certain extent salient in the situation where it is used.
It may also express other varieties of emphasis — for instance, contrast — but this is in no way required of it any more nor less than of a prenominal adjective.
It will be recalled that assignment is expressed in English by a form of to be (for a full discussion of adjective grouping see Chapter 8):(44) their host's beer was cold and refreshing (45) one pair of trousers was deep purple (46) the story is long sad (47) the story is long is sad This contrasts with the sometimes lengthy sequences of adjectives, whether grouped or not, which can occur in prenominal attributive position without causing the slightest frisson of grammatical disapproval:(48) the long sad story begins in Ottawa (49) Aunt Lou bought Oliver a charming little pink woollen romper-suit
This would quite naturally be true of adjectives of colour, size, and weight, and of other adjectives expressing basic perceptual notions.
The outcome is that adjectives expressing the more basic types of property can generally be expected to appear prenominally but not postnominally.
Indeed the adjective must be so understood; if we try to imagine using, in the structure of (16), an adjectival property which is not ascribed to the entity of the noun phrase (nor helping as a qualifier to identify any entity of the sentence), there will be only two possible outcomes: If it is a property semantically compatible with the verb, the result will be taken as an ungrammatical way of expressing a thought which should have incorporated an adverb:(17) Alastair likes his beef tea great Alternatively, it will be a property that is not compatible with the verb either; but, in that case, there will be no way of guessing what that property should be applied to — it will in effect be semantically "loose" , so that the whole will be incomprehensible:(18) the process left the documents puzzled Thus, the property of the adjective qualifies, in purely syntactic terms, the inner grouping of verb and object; it is applied to the entity of the noun phrase, but not directly, only as part of an interlocking structure with three elements — as in certain engineering and architectural structures, each of three elements needs the other two in order for the whole to function effectively.
Passive participles provide a rich vein of relevant instances; it is a commonplace that these can be construed either as related directly to a verb, and hence in many cases referring to some assumed event, or as being adjectives expressing a state that have lost their verbal connexion.
Second, if we accept that such adjectives, unlike predicate qualifiers, are genuinely equivalent to a modified clause in conjunction with the noun phrase which they follow, then it is entirely predictable that this construction will demand, as the preceding main verb, one which customarily supports a predication expressed in an explicit subordinate clause; this will not, however, be demanded of the verb preceding a  predicate qualifier.
Notice also that there is an alternative and syntactically simpler way of expressing the second version, which is:(12) Haberup angered his golem We can see exactly the same type of ambiguity in:(13) Reg ran the engine dry The adverbal adjective version of (13) corresponding to the question what did Reg do to the engine? tells us that Reg reduced the engine to a certain unsatisfactory state (though he may at least have had the sense to stop at that point).
Indeed, the move seems generally acceptable for them, subject only to the natural constraint that it will be proscribed in certain cases where the adjective would consequently look as if it were attributive, with the result that an incorrect meaning would apparently be expressed; for example:(19) this potion makes dogs bald (20) this potion makes bald dogs For the second reason, we turn to some additional aspects of questions.
However, if one tries to envelop the noun phrase and the adjective in a single question, then, on the one hand, the result will usually or always be grammatical, because the verbs occurring in this construction can of course stand as ordinary transitive verbs, but, on the other, the question form will naturally be taken as related to the ordinary transitive verb with a simple noun phrase object — with a corresponding alteration in the meaning expressed;(23) is an attempt to put such a question:(23) his sister set the owl free what did his sister set? to which suitable answers could include the mousetrap or the first four questions.
Observe the completely different effect produced by replacing the adjectives in (1) by the corresponding adverbs, as in:(28) Ellen shook the keys loosely muzak drives them madly And contrast the two sentences of (29)(b):(29)(a) what did the new system do to the motors?(b) the new system made the motors quieter the new system made the motors more quietly 5.4 Let us now return to the matter of the resultative nuance which can indeed be observed in all the examples we have given, reproducing the structural diagrams (21) and (22) to do so:(21)(22) If these diagrams represent the relations actually used in constructing such expressions, it follows that the entity of the noun phrase, as initially present to the mind of the speaker (and to that of the listener in the final interpretative phase of comprehension) lacks the property of the adjective since it is structurally separated from it; however, since that property is expressed by an adjective, then ex hypothesi it will apply to the entity of the noun phrase when the construction is taken as a whole; if not, then either the property would be expressed by an adverb, and apply to the verb, or the whole construction would be literally incoherent.
Most verbs which are used of situations where the object — talking strictly of the intensional level and not of the world referred to — does not change its properties (between the narrow focus on the object phrase alone, and the wider view when it is construed with the verb and the adjective as in (22)) will not be suitable; if a property that might be expressed by an adjective could be present in the wider structural context, then its applicability will not normally be connected with the link between the verb and the noun phrase.
Thus there seems no way of taking the adjective in (35) as adverbal (although (35) may be acceptable under one of the other adjectival interpretations):(35) the technician saw the machine faulty However, there remains the possibility of a verb which expresses the idea that some property is maintained in the object because of the action denoted by the verb.
Whether the property expressed by the postverbal adjective can be taken as applying factually to the referent behind the subject, is quite another matter.
Pamella's clock is running slow the Gloucester team were playing rough A familiar example, which actually contains an adjectival phrase rather than a single adjective, is:(66) a rose by any other name would smell as sweet With this construction, too, there is possibly a certain element of idiomatic restriction; why for instance are the following examples unacceptable?(67) the guide was eating gluttonous Suzanne pirouetted sensuous We may at least hazard a guess as to why this construction is fairly limited in its occurrence: there are three intensional elements in operation, the entity phrase in subject position, the property which is to be instantiated by the verb and as a third item a property that can be expressed either by an adjective or by its adverb competitor; now where the lexical meanings are such that there would be an appreciable difference in the effect of applying the third property to the entity of the subject by contrast with the effect of using it to qualify the property of the verb (which is the case in (53) by contrast with (54)) then intuitive awareness that there is going to be a difference may generally allow the construction with the adjective to be available.
Bolinger himself expresses the difference between the two types of qualification as follows: "In the first, which is referent-modification, it [the adjective]is restricted by the  CATEGORY of the noun; in the second it may or may not be…
If we take from (1) the phrase distant cousin, we can remark that it is closely analogous to another phrase — near relative — in which it is quite plain that the adjective is not assigned to the referential locus of the following word, but qualifies the property which it expresses in just the way that the same word does in:(5) a near impossible task The facts of intensional qualification are not in the least altered because traditional grammar has customarily described near as an adverb in phrases like (5), but as an adjective in near relative.
Accepting that very is an emphasizing device, it is seldom plausible to take it as an intensifier of the property or properties expressed by the noun which it appears to qualify syntactically.
Thus, taking the phrase which Bolinger uses as an example, it is certainly not the properties inherent in being a man that are strengthened when one utters a sentence such as:(19) walking into the bakery, I met the very man The same conclusion is indicated by the fact that it is perfectly satisfactory to use very in conjunction with a word like one (as Bolinger himself observes), and yet this does not express any property which can be intensified, except singularity which is of course intensified by a quite different word; note the following:(20) that is the very one (21) the supermarket didn't have a single one Actually, when very operates within a noun phrase it clearly acts as an  intensifier of exactitude, not of quantity, so it is entirely natural that it should focus on the article; that is , it does indeed qualify a property, but that property is, approximately, the notion "recognizable by my audience" , as expressed in the definite article.
But  non-restrictive adjectives, by definition, express properties which are perceived by speakers as present in the entity of the noun phrase which they have in mind; it follows immediately that associative adjectives cannot be non-restrictive.
As two econometric historians have succinctly expressed it: "Those who were the beneficiaries of the uncaptured social gains were the residents of the geographical area served by a particular canal…and the same groups constituted the main recipients of private returns."
As a New York merchant expressed it in 1762: "Our importation of dry goods from England is so vastly great, that we are obliged to betake ourselves to all possible arts to make remittances to the British merchants."
As a recent historian has expressed it, "The transition from trader to sovereign was uncomfortable and largely unsuccessful."
During that decade of major war, Britain's near-monopoly of factory industry was sustained, and after 1815 she entered a new era of economic history in which the mutual influences of industrialisation and trade expansion could work freely, and in which, as Professor Thomas has expressed it, "trade was the child of industry" .
The view, increasingly held, that the pre-1834 Poor Law was a far from ineffective mechanism in this respect, rests on the recognition that until the sums needed for relief inflated so hugely in the later eighteenth century and especially after the crisis of the mid 1790s, extreme disgruntlement was not often expressed, as a sense of community support and involvement led to a fairly general acceptance of the obligation which rested on the better-off.
Vasari, a sixteenth century Mannerist architect and historian, was only expressing the thinking of his time in equating Medieval architecture with barbarism.
The style expressed their mood and artistic ideas and they clung to it well into the thirteenth century.
The grey level is expressed as a number, normally on a 0–255 or 0–1023 scale, so that the resulting raster representation of the map contains sufficient spatial and contrast resolution.
The formulae to produce x, y plotting coordinates from latitude and longitude values for this projection are as follows (definitions of r and clong are given first): with latitude and longitude again expressed in radian measure.
Note that the area is not the actual ground area of the zone but is expressed in terms of the units on which the coordinates were measured.
The quality of the display produced by a graphics terminal depends upon the horizontal and vertical resolution of the screen, expressed as the number of phosphor dots in the two directions, and on the number of colours that can be simultaneously displayed.
The values recorded for each pixel are expressed on a scale of 0–63, giving a requirement of six bits of computer storage per pixel.
The reflectance values are expressed on a 0–127 scale.
‘Ah,’ said the man in that open-mouthed way that Italians express polite surprise, ‘my name is Fragolli.
It wasn't simply that he seemed incapable  of telling the truth: he couldn't begin to express any thought without it sounding false or grotesque.
‘Wilson is simply expressing the doubts and fears of a new —’
‘It's the Best Exercise!’ was what she yelled at Robert every time the Dobermann came for Badger at about thirty miles an hour with the clearly expressed intention of biting his head off.
They all needed to express what they felt.
No one had ever seen Pike express an opinion about anything.
And yet I knew, as I spoke, that this was what I had always thought but had been too frightened to express.
In Eliza's fourth letter home to her mother (the third was lost) in which she again expresses her yearning for the children, she also describes her developing attachment to the Franklins, and her husband's first significant expedition under their auspices:
Sir Philip Egerton having been kind enough to give me a Frank I embrace the opportunity to send you some account of Mr. Gould and his movements, presuming that as you expressed a wish to hear of him from time to time, a letter on this subject might not be devoid of interest.
Two of them (the men, I mean) became quite fond of John during the short time he was with them, and expressed much regret at his leaving, begging him to come again and to bring his gin, meaning his wife, with him.’
It was to Bishop Hrolf, indeed, arriving unexpectedly that evening with Prior Tuathal behind him and a string of riders as hot and soiled, though not as cheerful, as he looked himself, that Groa expressed her surprise.
The views expressed in it are, of course, entirely my own and do not necessarily represent those of The British National Bibliography Research Fund or The British Library more generally.
Some remarks made at the time by the defence correspondent of a major London weekly are representative of a good deal of professional opinion expressed both then and since.
The State Department reacted to this hint of interference with peaceful navigation by expressing the US administration's ‘grave concern’.
The Palestinians, many of whom are desperate as a result of roots in the poverty of the refugee camps, hold few cards other than their determination not to be subdued and the ‘armed struggle’ through which this determination is sometimes expressed; what they seek is recognition of some form of statehood on Palestinian soil.
Inwards, it is expressed in a bid to lead the community in question back to a more meticulous observance of the canons of Islam according to which it is supposed to be living.
Iraq's Taha Yasin Ramadhan later expressed satisfaction at having transformed Iran from an oil exporter into an importer.
Then a visit to the area by a UN mission had to be postponed, as Iran expressed its unwillingness to discuss the political issues related to the war.
On its release in Britain, the Daily Worker described it as ‘the first genuine ‘mod’ film of the British cinema' and the Sunday Express declared that ‘its real jewels are the shining performances of Michael Crawford, as the gauche youth, and Miss Tushingham, as the girl who gives him the knowledge.
‘The play is trite,’ wrote the Sunday Express, ‘but it is given a stature it doesn't deserve by Mr Crawford's superb, utterly beguiling, beautifully timed, thoroughly convincing performance.
Herbert Kretzmer wrote in the Daily Express, ‘Whether making his entrance by parachute, dancing like Fred Astaire, or impersonating Elvis Presley in a loud, long rock number, Crawford rides triumphantly to stardom.
In no way glamorous, a cuddly bundle of soft feminine humanity, she expresses Doris's sweetness as powerfully as her animal desires.
After that first night, Herbert Kretzmer wrote in the Daily Express:
To convert this into a form which will allow us to express this in the correct site fraction form we can add and subtract  on the r.h.s. of equation (8.19) to give
Equation (8.22) is the expression for the combinatorial entropy of mixing of an athermal polymer solution and comparison with equation (8.7) shows that they are similar in form except for the fact that now the volume fraction is found to be the most convenient way of expressing the entropy change, rather than the mole fraction used for small molecules.
The volume fraction φ i can be expressed in terms of the number of moles n i , and the volume V i of component i, as   where V is the total volume and .
As V i can conveniently be expressed as a function of a reference volume V o such that and assuming that, without introducing significant error, r can be equated with the degree of polymerization for the polymer then
Consequently ΔS M per mole of lattice sites (or equivalent volume) will be very much less than  and the contribution of the combinatorial entropy to the mixing process in a polymer solution is not as large as that for solutions of small molecules when calculated in terms of volume fractions and expressed as per mole of sites.
This can be represented by a quasi-chemical process  where the formation of a solvent-polymer contact requires first the breaking of (1–1) and (2–2) contacts, and can be expressed as an interchange energy AΔΕ 12 per contact, given by
It can also be expressed in the alternative form , where B is now an interaction density.
It is more useful to express equation (8.32) in terms of the chemical potentials of the pure solvent  and the solvent in solution , by differentiating the expression with respect to the number of solvent molecules N 1 to obtain the partial molar Gibbs free energy of dilution (after multiplying by Avogadro's number),
We have seen that the chain length can be related to the solvent power, expressed as χ 1 , by equation (8.46) and this is illustrated in figure 8.3.
The differences in expansivity can be accounted for if the interaction parameter is now expressed as  where the first term reflects the interchange energy on forming contacts of unlike type and includes segment size differences, while the second term is the new ‘structural’ contribution coming from free volume changes on mixing a dense polymer with an expanded solvent.
The colligative property can be expressed in the reduced form Y/c so that
When a solute, such as a polymer (component 2), is dissolved in a solvent (component  1) to form a homogeneous solution, there is a change in the chemical potential which can be expressed in terms of the activity of the solvent a 1 .
Alternatively, the scattering can be expressed as a turbidity τ where  and the equation becomes
This is accomplished in either of two ways; η sp can be expressed as a reduced quantity  and extrapolated to  according to the relation  and the intercept is the limiting viscosity number [η]which is a characteristic parameter for the polymer in a particular solvent, k′ is a shape dependent factor called the Huggins constant and has values between 0.3 and 0.9 for randomly coiling vinyl polymers.
To overcome this the dimension is expressed always as the square which eliminates negative signs.
The geometry of each chain allows the calculation of , and results are expressed either as σ or as the characteristic ratio .
Deviations from ideality, as we have seen in section 9.7, are conveniently expressed in terms of virial expansions, and when solutions are sufficiently dilute, the results can be adequately described by the terms up to the second virial coefficient A 2 while neglecting higher terms.
Values can vary from an experimental one of 2.1 × 10 23 to a theoretical limit of about 2.84 × 10 23 when [η]is expressed in cm 3 g -1.
These factors determine the orientation of chains relative to each other in the undiluted state, and this is essentially an interplay between the entropy and internal energy of the system which is expressed in the usual thermodynamic form
The final relation describing the process is known as the Avrami equation expressed as  where k is the rate constant, w o and w L are the masses of the melt at zero time and that left after time t.
A liquid, forced to flow in this way by a shearing force σ, experiences a viscous resistance expressed by  where v is the velocity of flow along a tube of radius x, so that  is the velocity gradient or shear rate γ, and η is the viscosity coefficient of the liquid.
The temperature dependence of η can normally be expressed in the form     where A is a constant and ΔE D represents the activation energy required to create a hole big enough for a molecule to translate or ‘jump’ into during flow.
This can be expressed as the frictional coefficient for the chain, again within the tube confines .
C 1 and C 2 now have different values, and the shift factor is expressed as a ratio of relaxation times, τ, at T and T s .
The restrictions imposed on the placing of a chain on the lattice are embodied in the hindered rotation which is expressed as the ‘flex energy’ ΔΕ and Ε h which is the energy of formation of a hole.
Substitution gives  and expressing this in the WLF form
Bueche expressed this as  where  is the glass temperature of a polymer with a very large molar mass, θ is the free volume contribution of one chain end and is 2θ for a linear polymer, ρ is the polymer density, N A is Avogradro's constant, and α f is the free volume expansivity defined as  The linear expression in equation (12.33) has been widely used and describes the   behaviour of many polymer systems over a reasonable range of molar mass (> 5000).
The quantity B is often expressed in terms of the compressibility which is the reciprocal of the bulk modulus.
Expressing this as the differential equation leads to the equation of motion of a Maxwell unit
This means that the total strain is the sum of the strains on each element as expressed by equation (13.7).
In practice, a substance possesses a large number of retardation times which can be expressed as a distribution   function  where
The results are expressed as a relaxation modulus  which is a function of the time of observation.
The response is often expressed as a complex dynamic compliance  especially if a generalized Voigt model is used.
If the amplitudes are expressed as ratios of the amplitude to the maximum amplitude, then damping is measured from the half-width h of the curve, i.e.
The several practical methods described express the damping and moduli in slightly different forms but these can all be interrelated quite simply.
This type of measurement can be used to estimate the activation energy  for a transition or relaxation process, if the frequency v, at T max is expressed as a function of reciprocal temperature according to the relation
If the viscosities obey the Arrhenius equation, then by neglecting the correction factor, we can express a τ in an exponential form as  or  where b is a constant.
In other words it should express, in terms meaningful to all company functions, agreed targets as to what product range(s) are to be sold in which market(s) in what quantities per year over the planning period.
The relationships between these three can be expressed as  The return on capital employed, which is the long-term measure of the financial health of the company, is affected by both the other ratios.
It may be helpful to management to express both stock level and debtors in terms of weeks of sales, giving figures more easily related to company day-to-day operations.
It should be borne in mind that these ratios are based on financial statements which only report on those ‘facts’ that can be expressed in money terms.
Those aspects of the business not capable of being expressed in financial terms may have an important effect on its success.
It can often be brought into areas where they feel more willing to express an opinion by putting the problem in terms of comparative bets, using the notion of the equivalent urn.
The consultant or the additional research will express a view on project success or failure and the probability of this view being correct is assessed in each of the two cases.
In Figure 6.9 the planner has expressed the view that there is a 0.5 probability that job X will be repeated once and a 0.2 probability that it will then be necessary to repeat it once more.
Though the Lords expressed a slight preference for Heath, the  upshot of all these inquiries was that most people, in the House of Commons and out of it, intimated that they would be equally happy with either Heath or Maudling.
I expressed my gratitude, but explained to the Queen that I must ask leave to go away and see if I could form an administration.
Rather to my surprise popular support, especially in the Daily Express of the 16th, showed me to be in the lead-Butler 39 1/2, Hailsham 21 1/2, Maudling 11, Home 9 1/2.
In my talk with Alec he himself expressed grave doubts whether he wished to take it on.
In effect the process of consultation and decision was cut off at a point where the situation was changing rapidly and when the leading contenders for office had in fact agreed to express their willingness to serve under Mr R. A. Butler.
Randolph Churchill reported a similar sentiment as being expressed by Macmillan to Home: ‘…
At a Press Conference at the Central Office I tried to express this.
Wrapped in the adulation which expressed the country's relief at being saved from a constitutional crisis, Baldwin went down to Astley in December.
He again expressed thanks and sorrow.
This is to some extent contradicted by Lloyd George, who subsequently wrote: ‘It is now a matter of history how we expressed our readiness to serve under Mr Balfour-all of us except Mr Asquith, who asked indignantly, ‘What is the proposal?
H. raised his special grievance, but his complaint published in the Sunday Express has only added to the completeness of his downfall…
The King was particularly anxious to dispel the view expressed by Campbell Stephen and Lansbury that he was hostile to Labour; and he told J. C. C. Davidson, a confidant of Baldwin, on 21 January after the Conservatives had been defeated in the Commons, that ‘it was essential that their rights under the Constitution should in no way be impaired’.
This could be expressed as ‘A hospital is a place that I go to in order to get treated by a doctor.
Very often, a one-to-one relationship can be better expressed as a single entity, with one of the entities forming attributes of the more significant entity.
Figure 3.9 shows the entity EMPLOYEE expressed as a relation with attributes.
Whereas relationships express the association between two entities, relations are a tabular representation of an entity, complete with attributes.
The structure of a relation is conventionally expressed as in the following examples:
This is often expressed as the fact that relations must not contain repeating groups.
When compared to the relational algebra, the relational calculus is more oriented  towards expressing the user requests in a way that the user may construct.
This network cannot be expressed by one hierarchy.
It is possible to express many-to-many relationships using the hierarchical model, but only by creating two hierarchies.
Fig 4.14 Many-to-many relationships expressed as hierarchies
Indeed, many argue that its concepts allow even complex situations to be expressed easily and naturally and that the associated techniques and tools enable the construction of complex software systems for those applications.
‘Practical consciousness’ refers to the knowledge of the social world incorporated into actors, but a knowledge which they cannot directly express through speech.
But the artefacts, furniture, decor and design also represent a kind of language people use both to express their ‘selves’ and to communicate with others.
They see the living room and its furnishings as a ‘front’, one way in which individuals and families could both express themselves as individuals and yet still present themselves as part of a social group.
They are important in understanding the instincts lying behind people's relations to ethnic, racial and nationalist politics but we need to become much more specific about the social and historical circumstances in which these latent feelings are actually felt and expressed.
The government had argued that its proposal to include words expressing the minister's responsibility for further and higher education in a new bill would have had little impact, because the main thrust of the bill in question was changes in the administration of schools.
However in a parliamentary debate last week, members of the House of Lords, reflecting concerns expressed by many university vice-chancellors, claimed that the offending clause could be used to justify direct intervention by the government in university administration — and was, as such, an infringement on academic freedom.
The most prominent example occurs in the immunoglobulin genes, where one of the many available gene segments encoding a variable region must be brought to a position next to the remainder of the gene before it can be expressed.
These words sum up her intention and feelings, expressing the result of two years of preparation for a show that came to mean so much for the many artists participating in the event.
Being entirely uninhibited when expressing herself and equipped with a famous (and at times infamous)‘caustic wit’, her self-assertion was never subtle.
Both the watercolour bathers and decorations express a yearning for an idyllic space where women can be ‘free’.
I aim to express some truth about intimacy.
Some approach the canonical figure of Degas with a frontal attack on the patriarchal structure of art history itself (most vocally expressed by the feminist critiques of Pollock and Callen), others offer more tentative snipes at aspects and details of individual works.
The fact that this is happening so widely does not make it any less unwelcome, and I would like to express my own thanks to staff for their steadfastness and continuing hard work in these conditions.
How do performers get around in ‘Starlight Express’? 15.
Expressing thanks for the gift  said, ‘Our success is due to the close co-operation between so many people — shipping agents, hauliers, the Port Authority, to name just a few, with whom we have formed great friendships and partnerships over the years.
Ed,— I am writing to express, through Link , my thanks for the marvellous gesture by  general manager , who instigated a get-together lunch for the Kirkcaldy maltings' pensioners on .
There really is an enormous amount of work and preparation for the Summer Fayre, and on behalf of those who enjoyed themselves, I would like to express our thanks to , the chairman of the day, and to his committee.
THE Summer Fayre Committee express grateful thanks to the following for their generous donations and prizes for the Grand Draw.
expressed great confidence in the Company's products and its future and welcomed the new factory in the area, saying: ‘is good for exports, good for Sudbury and good for Suffolk.’
Since April, three major projects have been undertaken offering retailers the chance to win ‘Star Prizes’ such as a trip for two on the London to Venice Orient Express, or a Renault 5 ‘Campus Car’.
it is worth noting that one in four of our employees have expressed their commitment by direct shareholding or as share option holders.’
It was as though the recent remarks of John Major had been anticipated as the exhibition was already running when he expressed concern over the future of manufacturing industry in the U.K. One reference to the exhibition by Campbell Christie, General Secretary, Scottish T.U.C. stated ‘The problem we face in Britain is that we don't manufacture enough of what we consume.
Fighting for the interests of British Carpet Manufacturers and the 1400 employees of the company, Ralph Ellis, Chief Executive of Stoddard Sekers International, met fourteen MPs at Westminster to express concern about the continuing recession and the need to restore consumer confidence.
Catechesis takes the experience of liturgy, and evokes it to enrich the meaning of what has been experienced, and in its own way to express praise and thanksgiving.
Response expressed through song and gesture;
G00DBYE — a song to express unity and promise of return.
Interest has not been confined to the UK; overseas groups and colleges have expressed a wish to use the material, and Norwich City College, our principle international centre, has assessed the material for use by candidates around the world.
Touche Ross & Co have expressed their willingness to continue in office and a resolution to reappoint them will be prosposed at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
Occasionally a customer will express doubts about the selling of such specimens when they should, perhaps be displayed in museums.
tangents to the curve are drawn from various values of ‘t’— the gradient of each tangent is the reaction rate at the value of t, expressed as (-d[Br2 ]/dt); against Br2.
However, Riha points out, Russia an instrument by which popular will, even if filtered by restrictive suffrage, could be expressed in legislation.
Walzer calls it the ‘problem of citizenship’ and he expresses deep doubts that the ideal of participatory active citizenship can be realised.
For Stewart/Ranson, the ‘distinct challenge for the public domain derives from the duality of publicness —; need to enable citizens in their plurality to express their contribution to the life of the community and out of that plurality, to enable a process of collective choice and government of action in the public interest to take place.’
Firstly, enlarging the consultative processes; it is essential for a government to appeal to the public and to allow citizens to express their opinions and needs.
Secondly, ensuring the disadvantaged and less powerful are not excluded and are given a chance to express views by such methods as public inquiry techniques, workshops, seminars, and local opinion polls.
The government should express the will of the people —; act for them and with them.
Pressure is also expressed in millimetres of mercury (mmHg).
This is expressed mathematically as where V = volume and p = pressure.
The usual way of expressing Boyle's law, however, is Thus, when a gas is allowed to expand (or is compressed) at constant temperature from an initial volume of V1 to a final volume of V2, the final pressure P2 can be calculated so long as the initial pressure Pl is known.
This can be expressed mathematically as where T absolute temperature.
However, Charles' law is more usually expressed in the form Charles' law was developed by Joseph Gay-Lussac who, in 1802, stated that the volume of a gas changes by 1/273 of its volume at 0°C for every 1°C change in temperature.
When the pressure is expressed in atmospheres, the value of R is given by In SI units it becomes The general gas law for one mole of gas can now be expressed as where is the volume of one mole of the gas.
Thus, for carbon dioxide, The relative molecular mass expressed as grams per mole is called the molar mass (see chapter 4).
The density of a gas or vapour is often compared to that of hydrogen and expressed as the relative vapour density
Dalton's law can be expressed mathematically where is the partial pressure of component a and so on.
This can be expressed mathematically as where r is the rate of diffusion and d the gas density.
Assumption 5 of the kinetic theory can be expressed mathematically as where is the average kinetic energy of a gas particle and is the average kinetic energy for N particles.
It is normally expressed as the number of grams per mole.
It is usually expressed as the number of moles of solute in one litre (that is, one cubic  decimetre) of solution: where n(X) denotes the amount of solute X, Vdenotes the volume of solution and [X]denotes the concentration of solute X in solution.
Molality can be expressed as the number of moles of solute in one kilogram of solvent.
The composition of a homogeneous mixture can also be expressed in terms of the mole fraction of the components in the mixture (see section 3.1).
Work can be expressed in terms of force and distance: Work = Force x Distance moved in direction of force
We can express this mathematically as follows: since where qV is the heat absorbed at constant volume.
Expressed in general terms this relationship is: where is the standard molar enthalpy of reaction.
The answer lies in a thermodynamic state function known as free energy or the Gibbs function, G. This function is related to equation (21) which, expressed in general terms, is If we multiply this equation through by — T we obtain
We express this mathematically as
Percentages of alcohol commonly range from 40% to 50%, expressed as proof.
The composition of a solution can be expressed in various ways including molality and mole fraction.
The solubility of a gas in a liquid can be expressed in terms of its absorption coefficient.
For an ideal solution consisting of two components A and B, Raoult's law may be expressed mathematically as The vapour of an ideal solution may be considered to be an ideal gas, and Dalton's law (see section 3.1) therefore applies.
Note that the mole fraction of either A or B can be used to express the composition of the solution.
The molality of the solute is expressed in terms of the unknown molar mass and the experimentally determined masses of solute and solvent required to give this elevation of boiling point.
This equation can also be expressed as where c is the concentration .
They should be expressed in a way which provides a means for assessing performance.
Accounting formalizes plans by expressing them quantitatively as budgets.
The Companies Act 1948 required auditors to express an opinion on the profit and loss account as well as the balance sheet.
The first objective of a company audit is to express an expert and independent opinion on the truth and fairness of information contained in the balance sheet and the profit and loss account: see section 236 of the Companies Act 1985.
Before expressing a qualified opinion an auditor should always try to resolve problems with the management of the organization concerned.
Audit committee meetings enable internal and external auditors to discuss their findings with senior management and provide the latter with an opportunity to express their concerns to the auditors.
Interest rates may be fixed for the period of the loan or, as is often the case, expressed as a percentage of the standard base rate (such as the London inter-bank overnight rate).
The rate of return is the profit (net of accounting depreciation) expressed as a percentage of the capital invested.
This may be expressed either as a single year figure or as some form of average over the life of the project.
The design process must be managed so that it is completed to quality within cost and time targets and with all necessary decisions having been taken and expressed fully and clearly in specifications and drawings.
If the rate of expenditure is important to the client, the budget also needs to be expressed as a cash-flow forecast for the total project and as forecasts for financial years.
Louis Bizat, the Palace's present general manager, says: "When it burned down I received, within eight days, over 200 telegrams, of which 190 were from abroad, from places as far apart as Canada, Hong Kong, the States, Australia, all expressing their sorrow that this had happened.
Jesus Christ Superstar followed in 1970; Evita in 1976; Cats in 1981; Song and Dance in 1982; Starlight Express in 1984.
Some people are realising that there's a lot more to life than paying your rent and having your American Express card,’ says Margo, conveniently forgetting about the discreet stickers near the cash desk encouraging clients to pay by American Express and Mastercharge.
Write expressing honourable intentions.
I think that when it's expressed in terms of the kind of real conditions of child sexual abuse and rape and sexual harassment and domestic violence and getting paid half the amount of money that men get paid and not having any reproductive rights and sterilisation abuse — these really basic issues that feminism has addressed.
In their first underground leaflet, the Women's Higher Council stated the following:’ To our great masses of women, to the steadfast mothers, sisters, to our women heroines behind the iron bars of the zionist jails and in the revolutionary camps — to women workers, peasants, students — You had a central, important and distinguished role in the great Intifada — had part in its continuity, escalation and in sparking its flame; this role has expressed itself in the wide participation of women in all fields of daily confrontation and resistance since the Uprisings first day.
Women's groups and other organisations have, over the years, mounted considerable campaigns to express their concern about policing and its effect on women.
Guy's Hospital in London has been rumoured to be heading down the opting out path, although recently a group of consultants at the hospital expressed their opposition to the idea.
Some consultants have also expressed their opposition.
It has so much depth, much more than if I were to express myself in other languages.
The Accused is a film about men versus women, for once, unequivocally expressing a female viewpoint.
It is with a feeling of sadness that we consider it necessary to express our reservations about Winnie Mandela's judgement in relation to the Mandela Football Club.
The Cape Town Sixteen express the very demands of the youth in Britain, like Mark Braithwaite, Engin Raghip and Winston Scott, Trevor Monerville, the Guildford Four and the Birmingham Six.
Forty-nine people were killed, but two survived, when a Boeing 707 crashed in the Ivory Coast, and there were nine deaths when a New York to Boston express train crashed near Baltimore.
Fears have been expressed that the release of any genetically engineered microorganism could get out of control and become harmful to plant or animal health.
However, the concerns that have been expressed cannot be underestimated.
As many parasites occupy more than one environment during their life-cycles, they must possess suites of characteristics that can be expressed at the proper time.
In no more than ten words, express what you think is the major advantage of mixing Arelon WDG and Hoegrass…
He expresses extreme concern about how the entertainment industry is able to contaminate the mind of the public.
Concern was also expressed by various members about the possibility of the Institute examinations and training being affected by, and possibly superseded by NVQ.
Mr Ball expressed concern about likely members and honorary members, with many proxy votes.
Arts subjects are concerned with the culture and history of humanity, especially as they are expressed in language.
They should be able to analyse arguments and assess their validity, and to express themselves in a clear, exact and literate way.
Its aim is to understand the historical origins and the development in the successive cultural milieux through which the Christian faith has passed of the major doctrines in which these beliefs have been expressed; and it is particularly concerned with the contemporary appraisal and formulation of these doctrines in view of the dominant directions of modern thought, and with their ecumenical prospects.
Though the principles of representative government are important to pluralists as embodying equal rights to vote, express opinion and associate with like-minded people for political ends, the individual citizen of a democracy needs to be able to join with others before an interest can be effectively mobilized.
It has to cope with conflicts of interest when, according to corporatist ideology, there is supposed to be a single, overriding common interest expressing collective goals.
From time to time the Soviet authorities have expressed determination to counter ‘bureaucratic perversion’ within the state machine, though as Bettelheim has noted, the problem tends to be seen in organizational rather than political terms —‘improvement’in the machinery, ‘simplifying’it, reducing costs, defining responsibilities more precisely, overcoming inertia, red tape, bureaucratic suppression and indifference, and so on.
Hence the importance attached by some communist theoreticians to the issue of mass participation within the party and the dismay expressed by generations of dissidents that the party control of the state which the early Marxist-Leninists had thought so important so easily degenerated into the substitution of one autonomous bureaucracy by another equally immune to democratic control and accountability.
A number of reservations have been expressed to this model of the post-colonial state.
If such needs are incompatible with the needs  of other groups for control and direction over what tasks will be performed and how work will be carried out, conflict will result and be expressed in ways which may obscure the underlying cause of conflict, such as strikes.
The competition for resources which expresses such conflict will increase when resources get scarcer, and greater efforts will be made to deploy power resources, many of which lie dormant during periods of expansion.
So far our attention has focused on internal interests and values that are expressed through the interplay of political forces within organizations.
In the provision of public collective goods ‘consumer preference’ can only be expressed indirectly and imprecisely in a democracy through the relationship between bureau and legislative sponsor.
As far as the limitations of the theory are concerned the main reservations that have been expressed concern the assumption that bureaucrats maximize their utility through the maximization of their bureau's budget.
Jim slid out and went to the gate, brandishing a £20 note and his American Express card.
Eric Robinson expresses the view that Michael Stewart's decision not to implement the Robbins proposal to put teacher training under the universities in fact ‘committed the Wilson government to a ‘binary’ policy in higher education'.
The Inner London Education Authority expressed anxiety about the ability of the polytechnics to reconcile the DES pressure for them to retain their sub-degree work and the CNAA search for an academic environment appropriate to degree-level work.
The DES memorandum suggested that the new institutions be called ‘polytechnic institutes’(another throwback to the late nineteenth-century institutions) but the Council expressed a preference for ‘polytechnic colleges’— and neither nomenclature in fact survived.
The Council's response to the policy and to the creation of the polytechnics was expressed most firmly in relation to research.
It then, in October, expressed its concern that a high proportion of courses in subjects other than business studies were being turned down, and it suggested that one of the reasons making it difficult for such courses to be approved might be that ‘the Council's present structure of honours and ordinary degrees was not so appropriate for courses in those fields’ as in science and technology.
It also began to look at proposals for MA courses, and at its November 1966 meeting, for example, it expressed the view that a proposed MA in Business Administration at Portsmouth College of Technology did not meet the CNAA's criterion that the content should be substantially postgraduate in character: too much of it was introductory work, insufficiently rooted in the basic disciplines.
HMIs had already expressed a view that there was a prima facie case for the proposal, and the Council agreed that it would mean setting up a music board or at least an exploratory committee — and the DES music panel had offered suggestions of possible members.
Interlock with the requirements of the professional association was a crucial theme, and the Library Association expressed its willingness to accept CNAA degrees for postgraduate entry.
In 1971 the CNAA gave evidence to the James Committee expressing its willingness to take on the validation of the Teachers Certificate if there was a need for it to do so.
Views continued to be expressed in CASS regarding the inappropriate nature of the CNAA's principle when applied in particular to interdisciplinary and wide-ranging courses like business studies and town planning.
A 1971 CNAA document on the work of the subject boards, while describing the process with some care, also expressed warnings about excessive detail and going beyond the board's remit.
At the same meeting, the Council received reports of visits to Borough Polytechnic (soon to become South Bank Polytechnic) by three of the Council's boards and by the Council itself, and the combined visiting party had ‘expressed complete satisfaction about the organization of the College’ and its facilities, with the exception of its inadequate computing facilities.
In October the Principal wrote further to express the Academic Board's disagreement with the visitors' findings.
In response to an outline of the CNAA's difficulties the DES officers expressed the view that the difficulty lay with the Committee for Education, ‘which appeared to take a divergent and insufficiently flexible view’ on the question of devising course units in common between the BEd and other courses.
Conservative MP Keith Hampson expressed the view in 1977 that the new institutions had not been planned as part of an integrated post-school system, but by default.
We have already noted that the polytechnic directors were seeking a larger measure of academic independence almost from the moment of designation — most publicly through the CDP press statement in July 1971 expressing a wish for the polytechnics to secure charters.
The number of responses opposed to the proposals on the grounds that they did not go far enough towards independence was very small — only a few academic boards of institutions had expressed that view.
The working party reviewed the existing system, roles, alternatives and the range of views being expressed — from allowing institutions to stand alone to preserving the CNAA's role in maintaining standards.
There was some concern expressed at the Director being singled out for criticism, but the Chief Officer considered that the criticism was necessary ‘since it was the leadership which was stifling academic development and progress’.
The CDP also issued a statement expressing its increasing concern over recent years at the way the CNAA conducted quinquennial reviews.
The CDP also expressed its concern at the fact that no polytechnic director had been on the visiting party (in fact, when the visiting party was first put together, it did include i polytechnic director, who withdrew at the last moment).
One polytechnic had expressed its fears to the Council that not all boards would operate the new arrangements, and had received an assurance from the Chief Officer that ‘corrective action would be taken as soon as possible where any Board was seen not acting in the spirit of the new arrangements’.
Discussing the implementation of partnership in validation, the Sociological Studies Board, for example, heard concern about the ‘apparent lack of sympathy which may exist in institutions’ internal monitoring and validation procedures to academic developments in sociology, in that the views expressed may be harsher and more inhibiting than those expressed by the Board'.
(The bank card I want to get hold of is the one issued by an Arab bank called Watani Express.
All this Tallis expressed to the shaman, Wyn-rajathuk, who listened in silence, his hand on her arm, his eye on the face of Harry which watched from the pieces of dead wood.
If Wynne-Jones had an answer to that question, he was not given time to express it.
But to the Mesolithic hunter-nomads they formed a forest kingdom, a race of forest creatures, saviours, oracles, and tormentors all at the same time; they arose in the mythogenic unconscious both to explain nature's hostility to the people's actions, and to express the hope of survival against the unknown.
The eyes in the face expressed no surprise when they met with Gabriel's, and winked.
This behavioural plasticity and mental agility, optimized as always in the young, began sooner or later to express itself in a new mode of subsistence, namely, hunting.
The overriding sexual prohibitions of primal hunting societies, expressed today in the complex marriage-rules, kinship-systems and incest-prohibitions of aboriginal peoples, attests to the fundamental necessity of containing the mutual sexual antagonism of males in societies where social cooperation has become the fundamental basis of culture and in which internalization of the collective superego effects this more efficiently than external coercion.
Sandor Rado, in an article devoted to the elucidation of manic-depressive disorders, expresses the opinion that ‘At the bottom of the melancholiac's profound dread of impoverishment there is really simply a dread of starvation…drinking at the mother's breast remains the radiant image of unremitting, forgiving love,’ and he adds that ‘It is certainly no mere chance that the Madonna nursing the Child has become the emblem of a mighty religion and thereby the emblem of a whole epoch in our Western civilization.
In paranoid disorders however, it is the son's passive relation to the father that threatens to unman him, and this expresses itself in the characteristic symptom of paranoia — delusions produced by the mechanism of projection.
Perhaps surprisingly then, other, less benevolent themes are also found associated with the solar cult, mainly in the form of the collective delusions of persecution which express themselves as belief in witchcraft.
Expressed in terms of individual psychology, the danger was one of dissolution of the painfully acquired superego and corresponding regression in the ego.
They need ideas and ideals that have the power to express and to channel their unconscious stirrings, still interwoven with infantile conflicts.
Thus, in a thoroughly typical way, man, who is not endowed with an instinctive love of animals or care for them, achieves the ability to make a success of animal-husbandry as a form of economic life by channelling his otherwise rampant aggressiveness back against himself as a force of conscience which frequently expresses itself in pastoral cultures as a vengeful and recriminating god of the sky.
Whereas in the past such external supports of the superego might have been strong enough to compensate at least in part for faulty superego development as a result of difficulties at the phallic-Oedipal stage and might have contributed to the unresolved Oedipal conflict expressing itself as a typical hysteria or obsessional neurosis, today, because such supports are in large part lacking, the outcome is not likely to be the same.
Hatred of the father expresses itself not only in obvious antagonistic behaviour directed at all representatives of paternal restraint, but also in more devious and perhaps even ‘sublimated’ ways as a distaste for all restraints of any kind and an opposition to authority of any sort.
If they should chance to be black, brown or yellow, of any cultural tradition save that of the West and dominated by any other ideological system except that of the student's own parents they will seldom if ever protest, no matter how flagrant the injustice, how onerous the oppression, how unprincipled the exploitation and how ever much they offend against the protesters' vociferously expressed and allegedly ‘sincere’ ideals.
Up until this point the military dictatorship in question had been an archetypal target for student protesters who expressed total solidarity with the left-wing guerillas who opposed it.
And just as late Palaeolithic and early Neolithic cultures demonstrated their difficulty in detaching themselves from the primal mother of the previous epoch, so modern youth expresses its inability to surmount the oral attachment by coupling its parricidal protest against authority with a simultaneous and equally insistent demand for welfare .
Under the rule of the Incas this inertia expressed itself in the stagnation of commerce…in the lack of vitality and the absence of originality in the arts, in dogmatism in science, and in the rareness of even the simplest inventions.
Expressed in developmental, rather than structural terms, one can describe the condition of the citizens of total welfare states as childlike, for not only are they likely to be regressed in developmental terms for the reasons already given, they are also childlike in relative terms to the state which has become a parent, and an omnipotent one at that.
Expressed in developmental, rather than structural terms, one can describe the condition of the citizens of total welfare states as childlike, for not only are they likely to be regressed in developmental terms for the reasons already given, they are also childlike in relative terms to the state which has become a parent, and an omnipotent one at that.
Consequently, this fixation on the earliest, nurturing and nutritive superego-precursor seems increasingly to express itself in the form of drug-addiction.
Indeed, if we go so far as to see externalization as inevitably bringing the ego into conflict with reality, then we might conclude that many modern neuroses — perhaps the most severe ones — are likely to become para-psychoses: that is, neurotic conflicts expressing themselves in the language of psychosis.
It was rare to hear a man expressing such views.
What had Puddephat done to his wife to provoke the loathing expressed in her letter to him?
‘You've got a nasty way of expressing yourself, d'you know that?
Now, he feared that he would not be able to express his real feelings.
He lay back, stretched out on the cold wet tracks, waiting for the express to Russia to come and chop off his head.
He pointed out the sloping white stripes on the walls, whose incline indicated the nearest of the niches providing protection for plate-layers who otherwise might end up under the wheels of one of the expresses which thundered over these rails, bound for famous foreign cities.
The institutions of the culture-ideology of consumerism, as expressed through the transnational mass media, are the primary agents in the cultural-ideological sphere.
However, in the terms of the theory of the capitalist global system elaborated here, apart from those directly or indirectly responsive to the interests of the TNCs as expressed by the transnational capitalist class, their transnational practices are dis’ tinctly marginal.
Much the same idea is expressed by the distinction between local and cosmopolitan orientation.
One of them expressed the fear that Lever's would cut off his sources of supply if his share of the market expanded sizeably.
His results refute the commonly expressed ‘irrational economic nationalism’ explanation of forced divestment in the countries of the Third World.
‘And we don't exactly want it on the front of the Daily Express, sir.
‘But General Schellenberg gave us express instructions to…
Lisbon to Madrid, then the Paris Express.
It had taken him two days to get a seat on the Paris Express from Madrid.
In Paris itself, his priority, thanks to Schellenberg, had got him on the Berlin Express, but B17 bombers of the American 8th Air Force operating out of England had inflicted severe damage on the Frankfurt railway marshalling yards.
‘The Reichsführer has expressed a desire to see you.’
Kopyion had expressed a great deal of interest in these killings but had not passed on all the information available to him.
‘I am here on the Lord Cardinal's express orders,’ Benjamin repeated.
It is my great pleasure to be here this morning to express my sincere gratitude to you, my fellow members, for electing me as your National President for 1993/94.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my personal thanks to the Members of the North East Division for their support but particularly to certain members of the Division who have provided me with tuition, advice and encouragement throughout my career in the funeral profession.
expressed the gratitude of the NEC for their interest in education.
Following receipt of a Government letter he had written to express concern at the lack of information and support, to which there had been no reply.
Below are the views expressed by the late  to all his students at the beginning of an embalming course and  believes the advice given, which is still passed on to 's own students, is still relevant today:
Colorectal tumour cell lines may also express receptors specific for gastrin, and gastrin has been shown to be mitogenic to certain colorectal cancer cell lines in vitro and in transplantable tumours in vivo.
Taking these observations together with other data, we conclude that the gastrin gene is likely to be expressed in many colorectal cancers, although the capacity to process progastrin to a biologically active product seems to be poorly developed.
It seems possible that this material originates from rare mucosal endocrine cells expressing the gastrin gene.
The platelet activating factor concentration of mucosa from rat antrum was expressed as pmol/g frozen tissue.
Pelvic ileal reservoirs have been shown to express colonic phenotypic changes and it has been suggested that the reservoir mucosa undergoes complete colonic metaplasia.
In the case of ulcerative colitis, the pathogenetic mechanisms may be directly related to one of the colonic phenotypic changes expressed in the ileal reservoir, such as mucin histochemical phenotype, and out evidence does not entirely refute the hypothesis that pouchitis is an expression of ulcerative colitis in the ileal reservoir.
Data expressed as mean (SE).
Activator activities were expressed as mIU urokinase type plasminogen activator or tissue type plasminogen activator per mg protein.
Antigen concentrations were expressed as ng antigen per mg protein.
The increase of tissue type plasminogen activator antigen and activity in normal duodenal mucosa might be caused by a different vascularisation of the mucosa of this tissue, because tissue type plasminogen activator is expressed mainly in endothelial cells of vessels.
The results were expressed as the mean percentage of Sirius red stained area of the section.
This was expressed as a ratio of biopsy/ plasma free leucine enrichment.
All results are expressed as the median value with the range to indicate dispersion.
Results are expressed as means (SEM).
All values are expressed as mean (SEM).
Distribution of macrophages and granulocytes expressing L1 protein (calprotectin) in human Peyer's patches compared with normal ileal lamina propria and mesenteric lymph nodes
Conversely, circulating eosinophils have been shown to be negative, whereas they apparently may express L1 after extravasation into inflamed tissue.
It has been reported that there is very little overlap between major histocompatibility complex class II (HLA-DR) and L1 expressing lamina propria cells in normal human gut mucosa but the nature of those producing L1 at this site has not been determined.
Expression of L1 could therefore be related to each phenotype, allowing in particular CD68 + macrophages to be distinguished from neutrophils expressing this marker.
Cells expressing L1 within each grid and in the corresponding epithelial layer were counted in relation to the CD68 marker.
Most L1 + cells at this site were this taken to represent granulocytes, which was supported by the fact that the CD68 + L1 -cells showed a much stronger reaction for acid phosphatase than those expressing L1 in all ethanol fixed specimens examined.
Acid phosphatase was also expressed apically on the epithelium, which served as an inherent control.
In some of the mesenteric lymph node specimens, however, many macrophages were CD68 + L1 + , perhaps because of the comparatively increased traffic of mononuclear cells as suggested by comparatively pronounced sinus histiocytosis; on average, 50% of all L1 + cells without granulocyte markers expressed CD68 in these nodes (Fig 3A, Table VI).
By contrast with the normal situation, most CD68 + macrophages (70–90%) infiltrating areas of lymph nodes occupied by malignant B cells expressed L1 (Fig 2B).
Conversely, most L1 + cells both in Peyer's patches and lamina propria did not express HLA-DR; only 1% (range 0–8.9%) of these cells were DR + (median number of L1 + cells evaluated per ethanol fixed ileal specimen: 115, range 75–201; n=8).
This implied that eosinophils in normal gut mucosa generally do not express class II molecules, which was directly confirmed by paired staining for eosinophil cationic protein (EG2) and HLA-DR (median number of EG2 + cells examined: 101, range 64–280, n=4) in which only four double positive cells were found.
Also at this site they were CD68 -L1 -but expressed strongly HLA-DR.
Only four S-100 protein + cells in eight double stained formalin fixed sections seemed to express CD68 and two L1 (median 65, respectively 73, S-100 protein + cells were examined).
These peptides are complexed in both neutrophils and monocytes, but recently extravasated mononuclear cells have been claimed to express only the L H chain in acute inflammation — contrasting with chronic inflammatory conditions in which macrophages often are found to express both chains.
It is remarkable, therefore, that in normal ileal mucosa these cells all express L1.
In coeliac disease, there was an apparent decrease in the percentage of both intraepithelial (3.5% v 13.5%) and lamina propria (10.3% v 47.2%) lymphocytes expressing γ-interferon compared with controls.
The results show that a relatively large proportion of lymphocytes in normal small bowel express γ-interferon.
They also indicate that in coeliac disease the major increase in the numbers of mucosal lymphocytes is the result of infiltration by lymphocytes not expressing γ-interferon.
Quantification of cells expressing CD45 or γ-interferon was achieved by using an eye piece graticule in a laborlux microscope (Leitz) under ×400 magnification.
In each case, the numbers of γ-interferon positive cells were expressed both per unit length (or area) and as a percentage of the total number of CD45+ cells.
GAMMA-INTERFERON EXPRESSING LYMPHOCYTES IN NORMAL MUCOSA
Gamma-interferon expressing cells which all had the morphology of small lymphocytes, were readily detected both in the lamina propria and epithelium of the normal controls (Fig 1).
Indeed, the median number of γ-interferon expressing cells in the lamina propria was almost half the total of leucocytes identified by the anti-CD45 antibody (range: 20–88%), while 13.5% of normal intraepithelial lymphocytes were positive for γ-interferon (range: 2–35%).
Despite the increased total intra epithelial lymphocyte count, there was no corresponding increase in the absolute number of γ-interferon expressing intra epithelial lymphocytes in coeliac patients with abnormal histology (Table, Fig 2).
As a result, the proportion of intra epithelial lymphocytes which expressed γ-interferon was considerably reduced in these patients, compared with disease controls (Fig 3).
Although this did not attain statistical significance in individual groups, the proportion of γ-interferon expressing intra epithelial lymphocytes in untreated coeliacs was only 25% of the value found in normal mucosa and a similar reduction was found in other groups with mucosal pathology (Fig 3).
Furthermore, in those patients with resolution of pathology on a gluten free diet, the proportion of γ-interferon expressing intra epithelial lymphocytes returned towards normal concentrations, indicating a true disease related effect (Fig 2).
The proportion of γ-interferon expressing lymphocytes in the lamina propria of coeliac patients showed an identical pattern, with reduced levels (33%-43% of control values) in all groups of patients with abnormal histology and a return towards normal during a successful gluten free diet (Table, Fig 4).
As γ-interferon is produced primarily by activated T cells, these findings confirm other impressions that intestinal T lymphocytes are in a constant state of immune activation, with a large proportion of human mucosal T cells expressing memory cell markers associated with the capacity to produce large amounts of a range of different cytokines.
Since body weight has a prodound effect on pancreatic weight, the results were expressed as mg per 100 g body weight to correct for this variable.
The number of labelled cells in each section was estimated from a count of 2000 exocrine pancreatic acinar cells, the result expressed as a percentage — the labelling index.
The PCNA labelling index was estimated from a count of 2000 exocrine acinar cells and expressed as a percentage.
Nucleic acid and protein contents and plasma CCK values were expressed as mean (SEM) whereas those of BreUrd labelling index and PCNA labelling index were expressed as medians.
The values were expressed as units/litre.
Protein content was determined by the method of Lowry et al with bovine plasma albumin as a standard and expressed as milligrams of protein per total pancreatic tissue wet weight.
Results are expressed as means (SEM).
Results are expressed as pmol equivalents of synthetic human gastrin 17/l plasma.
Results are expressed as nmol histamine/g wet weight of oxyntic mucosa.
Results are expressed as pmol 1 4 CO 2 /mg wet weight per hour.
The enterochromaffin like cell density is expressed as number of cells per mm mucosal length.
All values are expressed as mean (standard error of the mean (SEM)).
Although EGF was expressed to a greater degree in intestinal and fundic/junctional Barrett's mucosa than in gastric mucosa (p<0.01), there was no difference between the metaplastic types of Barrett's mucosa or the degree of dysplasia (p=0.5)(Fig 6).
Results are expressed as mean (SEM) if not specified otherwise.
Thus it was possible to determine the density of argyrophil cells in arbitrary units of cell count per volume of the mucosa as expressed by the number of conciding raster points.
Immunocytochemistry in parallel sections showed that lysozyme mRNA was expressed only in macrophages or in metaplastic Paneth cells in longstanding inflammatory bowel disease.
Tissue neutrophils did not express the lysozyme mRNA, though they have large stores of the protein.
Histologically normal duodenal tissue was used as positive control for the lysozyme probe, as lysozyme mRNA is strongly expressed in Paneth cells.
Immunocytochemistry was carried out on paraffin embedded tissue sections, using the following antibodies:(a) a rabbit antihuman lysozyme antiserum (DAKO) and (b) a mouse antihuman monoclonal antibody KP1 (kindly provided by Dr D Y Mason), detecting a formalin resistant epitope of the CD68 cluster, a highly glycosylated intracellular protein expressed by most tissue macrophages.
Normal duodenal sections provided an excellent positive control, as lysozyme mRNA was strongly expressed in Paneth cells and Brunner's glands.
Neutrophils did not express the lysozyme signal, though they are known to have large stores of the protein.
Tumour necrosis factor mRNA was expressed in four of nine controls compared with 11/15 inflammatory bowel disease (nine of 12 ulcerative colitis; two of three Crohn's).
Positive cells were recognised as lamina propria macrophages, as they expressed the pan macrophage marker CD68, as observed in parallel sections stained with the monoclonal antibody KP1.
ONly very few cells in preparations from unstimulated monocytes expressed tumour necrosis factor or interleukin 1 mRNA, while the number of positive cells and the signal intensity increased significantly in preparations of cells stimulated with LPS.
Furthermore, in inflamed tissue, cells expressing the lysozyme gene were observed not only in the superficial lamina propria, where resident colonic macrophages are usually found, but also in the deeper lamina propria.
This results might have two different interpretations:(i) the recruitment of new populations of cells from the blood stream: or (ii) the activation in situ of certain subsets of tissue macrophages, which do not express the gene constitutively.
This study cannot conclude with certainty the nature of the cells expressing mRNA for interleukin 1 or tumour necrosis factor, although the majority are probably macrophages.
Double labelling studies will be required to show definitely that tumour necrosis factor mRNA and RFD9 antigen are expressed by the same cells.
The section length occupied by the respective injury grades was expressed as a percentage of the total section length.
The area covered by gross injury was expressed as a percentage of the area of the glandular mucosa of the rat stomach.
Initially, worries were expressed regarding a possible carcinogenic effect of cimetidine, when case reports of gastric carcinoma in cimetidine treated patients appeared.
The results are expressed as % HA and % PV and are shown as median (range).
Coeliacs whose intestinal lesions have resolved on a gluten free diet and whose jejunal biopsies are classified as ‘normal’ for diagnostic purposes may still express subtle pathological or immunological abnormalities similar to those of untreated coeliacs.
One approach to the recognition of potential latent or low grade coeliacs is by studies of intraepithelial lymphocyte T cells expressing gamma/delta receptors.
We have proposed a two stage model of gluten sensitive enteropathy, latent and fully expressed.
The effects of abnormal interaction between the immune system and gluten may be expressed not only in gut (coeliac disease) and skin (dermatitis herpetiformis), but also in the mouth (recurrent aphthae), kidneys (IgA nephropathy) and joints (some arthritides).
The minimal lesion may appear histologically normal, or as a virtually normal biopsy with a high count of villus intraepithelial lymphocytes; the fully expressed lesion is a flat mucosa with crypt hyperplasia, typical of coeliac disease.
Results are expressed as mean (SEM).
Gall bladder volumes are expressed in cm 3 or as percentages, considering the gall bladder volume at the start of the infusion of CCK-33 as 100% (zero minutes).
The motility index was expressed as mm Hg/ min.
Results are expressed as mean (SEM).
The two patients in whom B antigen was not expressed in the biliary epithelium showed B antigen in colonic epithelium, although this was focal in only one.
Lewis a antiben was expressed uniformly throughout the colon.
H antigen was expressed to a varying degree in all biopsy specimens but was weaker in the distal colon.
Lewis a was expressed throughout the colon but expression of Lewis b was less noticeable in the distal colon (Table VI).
In a fifth, B antigen was expressed strongly in the descending colon, but only weakly in the splenic flexure and the sigmoid colon which suggests that it might have been artefactual.
Lewis a expression was seen throughout the colon, while Lewis B was expressed more strongly in the proximal than distal colon.
In both chronic and alcoholic hepatitis there is not only a quantitative change in proliferating bile ductules, with both lewis antigens more strongly expressed, but also a qualitative change with expression of a sialylated form of the antigen that is not seen in normal ductules.
In the adult colon A, B, H, and Le b disappear from the distal colon but persist in the proximal colon, while Le a is expressed uniformly throughout the colon.
In cancer, these antigens may reappear in tumours derived from epithelial cells that expressed the antigen only during fetal development, or they may disappear in tumours arising from epithelial cells that normally express the antigen.
The chemiluminescence data are expressed as cpm per mg protein.
Data are expressed as the change in absorbance (460 nm) between 0 and 2 minutes.
The distribution of staining was more heterogenous than that previously described in carcinomas with several areas of the polyp failing to express detectable levels of p53 protein.
By contrast the single malignant polyp identified as expressing a mutant type p53 protein did not seem to contain a mutation at codon 12 of the K-ras gene, although obviously we cannot current exclude the presence of codon 13 or 61 mutations.
Our finding in the present study that only 5% of sporadic adenomas express detectable levels of p53 protein is clearly in line with the results of these other workers, and the use of three different anti-p53 antibodies including ‘mutant specific’ Pab 240, provides further evidence that the protein detected is a mutant form.
The lytic activity was quantified as the area under the lytic curve and expressed as a percentage of the maximal area, which implies 100% lysis of erythrocytes at each dilution of faecal water.
Because of these diet induced differences in total fatty acid concentrations, the solubility of fatty acids and bile acids is expressed relative to their total concentrations (Fig 2).
Labelling index was expressed as the number of labelled cells per 1000 cells.
Results are expressed as mean (SEM).
The results were expressed as pmol of cyclic nucleotide/mg of protein.
Results were expressed as pmol of cyclic nucleotides produced for 10 minutes/mg of protein.
Results were expressed as pmol/ml for plasma and as µmol/g of creatinine for urine.
Results are expressed as pmol omeprazole bound-mg cell protein.
Results are expressed as mean (standard error of the mean).
HGT-1 CELLS EXPRESS K + CHANNELS
This study shows that HGT-1 cells express K + channels, and we now consider their comparatively low prevalence, likely site of origin, and characteristics.
Our results show that the K + channel expressed by HGT-1 cells is Ca 2 + dependent, voltage and Ba 2 + sensitive, and possesses complex gating characteristics with one open state and at least two closed states.
The results were expressed in µg/ml.
All values were expressed as mean (SEM).
All data are expressed as median and interquartile ranges unless otherwise stated.
Growth factors such as epidermal growth factor (EGF), transforming growth factor (TGF), platelet derived growth factor (PDGF), and fibroblast growth factor (FGF) are potent mitogenic peptides expressed in various tissues including the gastrointestinal tract.
Fibroblast growth factors exist in acidic (aFGF) and basic (bFGF) forms and are expressed in most cells of the body, especially in endothelial cells, fibroblasts, and macrophages.
Acid output was expressed a µM per 30 minutes as described.
Pepsin output was also measured in each sample by Anson's haemoglobin method and expressed in mg/30 minutes.
Quantitative assessment of microvessel profiles was performed under 500× magnification and expressed as the mean number of microvessels per microscopical field.
The incorporation of labelled thymidine into filtrate containing DNA was measured in a Beckman liquid scintillation system; DNA synthesis was expressed as disintegrations perminute (dpm) /µg DNA.
The DNA and RNA concentrations were also determined in each sample according to a method described in detail elseqhere and expressed in µg/100 mg of tissue.
The results are expressed in per cent of [I]bFGF copreipitated by sucralfate or vehicle v pH of the incubation mixture.
Two areas of about 40 mm, one including the gastric ulcer and the other a similar area of adjacent intact mucosa were excised and the radioactivity of each excised piece was measured and expressed as cpm per 100 mg of tissue.
The results were expressed as means of cpm of tissue bound [I]bFGF.
The data are expressed as mean (SEM).
Faecal fat analysis was performed using the method of van de Kamer and expressed as g fat/ g stool/24 hours.
The coefficient of fat absorption (CFA) was calculated from the daily dietary fat intake and the daily stool fat output and expressed as a percentage of the daily fat intake.
Total faecal bile acids were measured using a 3a-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase assay and expressed as µmol bile acid/g stool/24 hours.
The results were also expressed as mg glycocholate equivalent bile acid/g stool/24 hours by adding a glycocholate standard to the stool specimen before analysis.
All data are expressed as mean (SEM).
Faecal fat excretion, expressed as g fat/g stool/24 hours in patients without liver disease (45.9 (8.6) ×10 -3 ).
Similar results were obtained when faecal bile acid losses were expressed as mg glycocholate equivalent bile acid/g stool/24 hours×10 -2 (Table II).
Similarly no correlation was seen between faecal fat expressed as g fat/g stool/24 hours and faecal bile acids expressed as mg bile acid glycocholate equivalent/g stool/24 hours (data not shown).
Intake of dairy foods was expressed as calcium intake/week and fat intake was classified as 1=low, 2=medium, or 3=high.
The result was expressed as a percentage of administered dose.
After correction of the rhamnose valuesfor urea concentration (the latter was determined in a 1 ml aliquot of urine), the results were expressed as a ratio of the 5 hour urinary excretions of lactulose and rhamnose.
Data are expressed as median values and ranges.
Results are expressed as mean (SEM).
All patients who expressed a desire to undergo a sphincter preserving operation were found to have satisfactory anal sphincter pressure and anal canal sensation, and therefore to date we have not rejected any patients simply on the grounds of age and inadequate sphincter function on testing.
All grouped data were expressed as median and range.
Capital costs are expressed as annual equivalents assuming a seven year lifespan for the equipment and a 5% discount rate.
These assumptions represent the prevailing convention for expressing capital costs in the National Health Service.
Where appropriate, results are expressed as mean (SEM), and statistical differences were assessed with the unpaired t test; a value of p<0.05 was considered to be significant.
Wilcoxon's rank sum test was used to compare differences before and after treatment and the results are expressed as medians (ranges) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs).
Acid output was calculated by allowing for the amount of juice produced in each time interval, and was expressed as mEq/h.
Urine acid output was expressed as the urinary H + /creatinine ratio for each sample tested.
Labelling index per cent(LI%) was measured by counting the number of bromodeoxyuridine-positive cells and expressing the result as a percentage of the total number of cells in a crypt.
The α-tocopherol values were expressed as a ratio of α-tocopherol to cholesterol values.
The carnitine concentration was expressed in µmol/l.
Results were expressed as mean (SD).
Although it is not yet known if the H2T cell line expresses TGF α, these findings go some way to support the hypothesis proposed by Korc and others that TGF α may have a role as an autocrine growth stimulator in pancreatic cancer.
If this is the case, then there may be a clinical role for somatostatin analogues in the treatment of cancers that express both somatostatin and EGF receptors, regardless of their capacity to locally produce TGF α or EGF.
Plasminogen activating activity was determined by the fibrin plate method after incubation for 24 hours at 37°C and the results expressed as IU tissue polasminogen activator/ ml ascitic fluid (lower limit of detection 0.02 IU/ ml).
Mice expressing the Min trait (multiple intestinal neoplasia) develop large numbers of adenomas in the small and large bowel and are susceptible to gastrointestinal cancer.
For instance we have recently shown that colorectal cancers that contain c-Ki-ras mutations and over express p53 have a far worse prognosis than those showing either alteration on its own.
These results did not differ when acid output was expressed as mmol/h/kg lean body mass or mmol/h/kg fat free body weight.
Gastric acid secretion was expressed as mmol/h, mmol/h/kg lean body mass, and mmol/h/kg fat free body weight according to formulae previously described.
Peak acid output was defined as the two highest consecutive 15 minute outputs after pentagastrin, multiplied by two to express the results as mmol/h.
Results for each continuous variable are expressed as mean (SEM).
When acid secretion was expressed corrected for lean body mass and fat free body weight these findings did not differ to those using acid output expressed as mmol/h (Table III).
Lean body mass (expressing acid secretion as mmol/h/kg) is considered to avoid the bias caused by variation in parietal cell mass because of differences in the gastric surface area, as this accounts for differences in height and weight.
The fat free body weight, expressing acid secretion as mmol/h/kg, will take this into account.
To measure acid reflux, several were used:(1) total reflux time (min), defined as the time with an intraoesophageal pH <4.0;(2) total reflux time (%), defined as the total time with an intraoesophageal pH <4.0 expressed as a percentage of the analysed period;(3) reflux episodes >6 s, defined as the number of episodes with an intraoesophageal pH <4.0 lasting longer than 6 s;(4) reflux episodes >5 min, defined as the number episodes with an intraoesophageal pH <4.0 lasting longer than 5 min;(5) mean reflux duration (min), defined as the mean duration of all reflux episodes;(6) maximal reflux duration (min), defined as the longest single reflux episode.
Proliferation markers based on the immunocytochemical finding of endogenous antigens such as Ki67 or proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) generally express a wider range of the cell cycle, but their application in clinical practice is considerably less complex.
PCNA is a cell cycle related protein, which is expressed increasingly through G1 phase, reaching its maximum in early S phase, and persisting with decreasing detectability in G2 phase.
Bravo and MacDonald-Bravo described a soluble form of PCNA, which is lost on fixation in organic solvents and does not participate DNA replication, and an insoluble form, which is associated with the sites of ongoing DNA synthesis and is expressed particularly during S phase and is detectable by immunofluorescence.
For the PCNA assay faint staining was seen frequently, probably reflecting the relatively long half life of immunoreactive PCNA and the fact that PCNA is expressed in phases of the cell cycle other than S phase.
Also shown is the total amount of food refluxed (expressed as counts/10 7 of refluxed activity).
The human cancer cells from the cell line colo 205 that expressed colonic antigens detected by anticolon antibody positive serum was used as the target cells and PBMCs from healthy controls were used as effector cells.
The results were expressed in % cytotoxicity as follows:
The results were expressed in % cytotoxicity according to the formula given for the natural killer assay.
The activities of anticolon antibody detected by ELISA expressed as optical density was compared.
None of the untreated cells expressed ICAM-1; and TNF-α treatment induced a slight ICAM-1 expression on the cell surface.
By contrast, almost all of the IFN-γ treated cells expressed this molecule (Fig 4).
The HLA-DR was not expressed on untreated and TNF-α treated colo 205.
It mediates adhesion dependent cell to cell interactions and is expressed on haematopoietic cells such as tissue macrophages, monocytes, B-cells, activated T-cells, germinal centre dendritic cells in tonsils, lymph nodes, and Peyer's patches, as well as on non-haematopoietic cells such as vascular endothelial cells, thymic epithelial cells, certain other epithelial cells, and fibroblasts.
In this study, we show that de novo expression of ICAM-1 occurs in association with colonic carcinoma and that colonic carcinoma cells express both forms of ICAM-1, the usual membrane bound ICAM-1 on their cell surface and the soluble sICAM-1 as detected in the cell culture supernatants of colonic carcinoma cell lines.
Total ribonucleic acid preparations from the two colonic tumour cell lines were subjected to northern blot analysis to investigate whether they expressed mRNA for ICAM-1.
Figure 2A shows that ICAM-1 mRNA was abundantly expressed in untreated HT-29 and CaCo-2 colonic cancer cells.
In all ribonucleic acid preparations of ICAM-1 expressing cells, we always saw two hydridisation signals, a major signal at about 3.3 kb and aminor signal at about 2.4 kb, indicating the expression of the two previously reported ICAM-1 mRNA species.
The data presented show that colonic carcinoma cells express ICAM-1 molecules on their cell surface in contrast with normal colonic epithelium.
Patients whose primary tumours express abundant ICAM-1 have an increased risk of metastasis.
When mean enzyme and bicarbonate secretion in the post-acute pancreatitis patients, however, were expressed as a percentage of those in the control group, amylase secretion was the lowest followed by bicarbonate, lipase, and the trypsin.
Although lipase secretion was not significantly lower in the post-acute pancreatitis patients, when mean enzyme secretion was expressed as a percentage of the control mean lipase secretion was lower than trypsin.
To further characterise the integrins still expressed in colorectal carcinomas, immunoblots with monoclonal antibodies against the β 1 integrin subunit have been performed.
Pretreatment of the cells with DNJ did not alter the molecular weight of the integrin chains expressed and reduced HT-29 adhesion to laminin and fibronectin only to 68% and 49% respectively.
Flow cytometric analysis showed that HT-29 cells expressed α 1 , α 2 , α 3 , α 6 , α v , Β 1 , and Β 4 chains of integrin cell adhesion receptors.
The amount of integrins expressed on the surface of inhibitor treated and untreated cells was analysed by indirect immunofluorescent staining with monoclonal antibodies against integrin subunits followed by flow cytometric analysis on a FACSCAN (Becton-Dickinson) flow cytometer.
This analysis showed that HT-29 cells express the α 1 , α 2 , α 3 , α 6 , and Β 1 chain of the integrin cell adhesion receptor family.
Our data show that malignant transformed epithelial cells of colorectal carcinomas expressed a 105 kD (non-reduced) precursor form of the Β 1 chain not found in epithelial cells of the normal mucosa.
Most cells develop brush border enzyme activity, express cytokeratins, and exhibit morphological features including epithelial tight junction, desmosomes, and microvillus brush borders, which are characteristic of small bowel enterocytes.
Activated (CD25 + ) lymphoctyes expressing interleukin (IL) -2 receptors were increased in lamina propria, usually subjacent to basal lamina, although a few IL-2R + intrapithelial lymhocytes found, other IL-2R + cells were deemed to be macrophages (CD68 + ).
For cell populations, data were all long transformed and expressed as geometric means (SD) and analysed parametrically. p Values ≥0.05 were taken as significant.
CD25 + (IL-2R expressing) cells were mainly located subjacent to basal lamina, with occasional cells distributed singly throughout the deeper parts of the lamina.
The percentage time spent in each pH category for each group was expressed as the median-interquartile range.
The Ki-67 antibody is directed agaisnt an antigen expressed in proliferating cells.
As most were not normally distributed, results are expressed as median values with 95% conidence intervals (95% CIs).
The end expiratory fundic pressure was taken as zero reference, and all values were expressed in mm Hg.
All values are expressed in mean standard deviation (SD).
The influence of possible bias on the success of lithotripsy was assessed by relating body weight to body length expressed by the body mass index.
Results are expressed as means (SD) or medians.
All results are expressed as median and range unless otherwise stated.
All results are expressed as marker/creatinine concentration ratios in order to standardise for differences in timing of the urine collection.
Data were expressed as means (SEM).
Using acid phosphatase as a lysosomal marker enzyme, values for latency and supernatant enzyme (calculated as a per cent of control values and expressed as means (SEM)) were as follows: latency — 143.6 (38.7) %; supernatant enzyme — 96.4 (2.8) % (four experiments).
Results are expressed as median and range.
The detection limit for both 5-ASA and Ac-5-ASA in biopsy homogenates was approximately 1 ng; the results were expressed as ng/mg wet wt.
Variations are expressed as sulphate reducing bacteria.
Ritchie hoped that manometry would prove a ‘safe and reliable method of studying colonic movements’ and in 1965 Deller and Wangel expressed the view that understanding of intestinal motility may progress if pertinent problems were recognised.
This has the advantage of being expressed as a number and is thus amenable to statistical analysis, but it does not recognise different types of colonic pressure waves.
Body weight/obesity — Table I gives the results for initial body weight, expressed both as a percentage of ideal body weight (%IBW) and as the body mass index (BMI:wt/h 2 ).
Results are expressed as mean (SEM).
The regression will be greater as the difference becomes significant; or (b) the coefficient of correlation, which expresses the intensity of the relation between the experimental points as follows:(c) Exner's coefficient, which assesses the degree of adjustment of an experimental distribution to fit a theoretical model.
The extent of the gastric damage was expressed as the total area ((mm) of haemorrhagic erosion.
Six hours after indomethacin treatment the rats were killed by exsanguination via the abdominal aorta and the extent of gastric damage was expressed as the total area of haemorrhagic erosion.
The concentration of the TBA-reactive substances were expressed as nmol malodialdehyde.
Activity of SOD in tissue was expressed as U/mg protein.
Immunoreactive LTB 4 , LTC 4 , and PGE 2 were measured by radioimmunoassay and results were expressed as pg/mg wet weight of gastric biopsy sample.
Results are expressed as medians (interquartile ranges).
Results were expressed as basal acid output (BAO), defined as the mean of the last two recordings during the basal collection, and peak acid output (PAO) defined as the highest mean obtainable from two consecutive recordings during the stimulated period.
In these conditions serum pepsinogen C provides additional diagnostic information, especially when expressed as pepsinogen A:C ratio.
In these conditions serum pepsinogen C provided additional diagnostic information, especially when expressed as pepsinogen A:C ratio.
The results are expressed as mean daily blood loss.
The results are expressed as a urine excretion ratio of 5 1 CrEDTA/L-rhamnose which is a specific index of intestinal permeability, largely unaffected by other non-permeability variables of marker permeation rates.
Results are expressed as mean (SEM) or median and its 95% confidence interval for parametric and non-parametric variables respectively.
This test was carried out on six patients with peritonitis, and the severity of bacterial peritonitis was expressed quantitatively.
Results are expressed as mean (SE).
We consider that this PABA-UDCA disulphate incubation test makes it possible to express the severity of bacterial peritonitis quantitatively within 90 minutes.
The peptic activity of mucosal homogenates was determined in an assay at pH 2.0 by the method of Anson and Mirsky and expressed as specific activity (IU/mg protein); aliquots of mucosal homogenates assayed by this method were considered as representing total peptic activity.
All results are expressed as mean (SD).
In the 12 cases in which crystat sections were studied, tumour cells expressed CD 19 and CD 22 B cell antigens, indicating a B cell origin.
He could not believe that the attitude expressed in para (a) was helpful, although he agreed that there was great concern about the reduction in eligibility for legal aid.
expresses concern at the racial discrimination and anti-semitism present in some areas of the administration of criminal justice;
I am delighted to be able to express my congratulations to the Society on the occasion of its 40th anniversary celebrations.
Portraying the longing, joy and sadness of love expressed in the song's words
Variety of rhythm, pace, form and pattern support basic training in the technique of movement, which should be effortless, natural, harmonious, skilled and controlled but at the same time retain the unique quality which expresses personality.
Today, as the Church strives to carry out her perennial mission of proclaiming the Word of she the immense challenge of evangelizing this new culture and expressing the unchanging truth of the Gospel in its language.
All: Lord, help us to express our solidarity.
Please thank parishioners for their generosity and please accept SCIAF's thanks for your cooperation in expressing the Gospel preferential option for the poor, through prayer and practical support over many years.
The aim was to launch these after Easter, stressing their potential usefulness for Advent 1993, and it was noted that a specific demand for Advent Studies had been expressed by several groups.
Concern was expressed about the role of various denominational Education committees with regard to promoting house groups, both ecumenical and denominational.
Aelred suggested that the Commission write to the Rev. MacLean expressing their gratitude for all the help he has given.
In expressing the view that he felt he wasn't making a large contribution to the activities of the Commission, he also requested some guidance on what his role should be or what view the Commission had about his role.
These are the words spoken by the Bishop to those catechumens who, after the long period of formal preparation express their desire to be received into full communion with the Catholic Church.
Coleridge recognises the power and excitement of this world, but it is in the second stanza, when he delves into the folds of this metaphorical brain that we see him striving to express the very essence of creativity.
As the heartbeat of the iambic metre draws the poet smoothly through the swell of impressions, its continuity is further expressed as a ‘ceaseless turmoil’.
Discuss one or two poems by Tennyson which illustrate the ways in which he expresses emotion.
This helps to express Mariana's loneliness.
Discuss one or two poems by Tennyson which illustrate the way in which he expresses emotion.
The fear and great sadness is expressed through the ‘cry’ and the use of ‘shiver'd’as if with fear and ‘tingling stars’.
While the overriding emotion in ‘The Missing’ was one of despair, here Gunn expresses the dilemma he faces, torn between his old way of life and the constraints of the new.
Gunn is expressing what he can see is a completely irrational attraction.
However in the second verse the reason in Gunn's mind expresses itself in conflict with the attraction expressed in verse one:
Discuss one or two poems by Tennyson which illustrate the ways in which he expresses emotion.
These bitter words express the pity and patheticness of Tithonus situation so invoking emotions of sympathy.
Tithonus asked for immortality but he expresses it in such a way that one feels sad for him.
It is this bleakness that Tennyson uses to express sadness and death.
However, I feel that there is one line which virtually sums Mycetes up, and that is when he says: ‘Yet insufficient to express the same’.
Another aspect of the scene which cheapens the quality of the emotions they express is the presence of Pandarus.
At the same time,d the Tories are on their knees, some people, as I said earlier, I think it's just as relevant in this debate, seem to have lost their way and when you took, look at what they're proposing in terms of say, the er the fifty percent, the, the er M Ps, fifty percent of the votes for er the Parliamentary leader which of course is very consistent with , right, fifty percent of the vote, you take that along with proportional representation and what I believe you're seeing is the number of people who have given up the ghost and are preparing to restructure the Party around coalition politics, and that's where they're heading, and they're heading completely in the wrong direction because we're more in tune with what's going on in this country, the po opinion polls are saying fifty nine percent of the people actually I think, believe that er the Labour government is possible and will be voting for a Labour government, the alternative road is to oblivion and it's not about modernizing, the people who're proposing this coalition politics aren't modernizers, they're Victorian politics, that's what they're about, they're about taking us back, back before we created the Party, before we learnt the lesson that we needed to represent ourselves politically, they're going back to, let's skil see what we get out of the Liberals, the free trade Liberals, in the nineteenth century, that's where they're going back, that's not about modernization, real modernization is about making sure that the Labour Party speaks for the working people up and down this country and that's our contribution to make to that Party and therefore we should have a role in decision making and influencing the Party that enables us as an organization to express that feeling, and that understanding of what people actually want in this country, and that's why we're supporting the C E C proposals.
Defence contractors Rolls Royce gave sixty thousand pounds, while United Newspapers, owners of the Express and the Star upped their donation last year.
Two further points, Dave  expressed it best, I think.
Secondly, and a slightly personal comment, one front- bencher was asked, er, about my comments in opposition to O M O V and in favour of trade union participation and he said John Edmunds is expressing his views, they are not the views of G M B members.
Now, we did have a, a very heated discussion and concern was expressed regarding the rules governing eligibility, section and conferences for delegates which excludes those who have not worked in the industry or craft or trade for eighteen months prior to their nomination.
Our region's got a free vote on this document so in that sense I'm not necessarily expressing the views of the region.
On Sunday in his General Secretary's address, John Edmunds reminded everyone in the labour movement that we need to, need to express our arguments simply if we want to get the message across.
There are other ways people have tried to protect the minority, one is by saying that the, that you can generate a certain set of rights from within the democratic procedure in a different way, that is if democracies flourish people need certain liberties, people need to express their own opinions, people need to be able to do what erm assemble where they need to and so on but more common is the view that democracy should be limited by constitutional  would present the minority and this is a view that Mill doesn't really defend in representative government although it seems to be very close to his view and on liberty, that is we limit the spear that this government has control over so we can't, so in this view erm democracy is given a very limited role.
We have no idea what people are meant are meant to be doing when they're voting, this was a problem I raised  are people meant to be expressing their interest, are people meant to be voting like members of a jury?
For example, Parsons explicitly says that, that the drives of the id are socially moulded in the sense that, the forms in which they express themselves are the result of socialization.
If you, if you get a recessive gene from one of your parents that have a corresponding dominant gene in the other, then only the dominant gene is expressed in your body.
However, if you get two copies of a recessive gene from both parents, then the recessive gene will be expressed.
An excellent, very clearly and very correctly expressed.
Expressed in the, in every dream is what, says Freud?
Yes, in that sense, in that sense, the unconscious thought was expressed but the, but the point was,i the anxiety as it were got the better of the dream, didn't it, if you woke up?
When you can't do something you know, you might actually kind of, your whole body kind of starts to, and that would be the ego as it were trying to express this, this er drive from the id.
On the other hand the point, for example, that one priest is, is a very distinct possibility, is something which could be expressed in some way I would have thought.
Now people will listen to you and they'll have had, had their own personal goals but they feel not worthy of expressing it anyway because they think, well I've had this idea, I'm probably up the creek, and they never say anything.
But where they've gone on to have parish councils, you've had the typical triangular structure and when I talk to people and listen to what they say, they, they don't express it to me as such, but the felling you get over is that's the sort of structure they're used to, because the structure of the church is built in anyway, and the whole structure of the church
I am an elected representative of the people of Northern Ireland, three thousand three hundred of our people have been murdered, that's the equivalent of a hundred thousand people in Britain, it is the responsibility of every elected representative to do everything in their power, everything in their power, to stop that, The least responsibility that they have, the least they can do, is enter into dialogue directly with the people involved and I apologize to no-one for that, and if anybody is telling me that I'm tainted because I do that, you know, I don't know what sort of minds they've got, because I think it's our responsibility to do everything in our power to bring this violence to an end, and what's more, what I'm doing has massive support of ordinary people on both sections of our community because I have never in my twenty years experienced the nature of the support and the way that it's being expressed to me by people in the streets, by telephone, and in particular by
What we have said we are involved in a process which must involve both governments and all parties, whose objective is agreement among our divided people an agreement which all our traditions must give their allegiance and agreement, and an agreement which must express which which must respect our diversity, now I have kept repeating that statement since we made it and I asked anyone to tell me what they disagree with it, now the loyalist paramilitary some weeks ago said that if the I R A were to k their impression they've given all along is that they're just a reaction to the I R A and if the I R A were to stop they would cease immediately, I immediately put out a statement welcoming that statement by them, I also offered to talk directly to them, but they have refused er given the nature of their campaign, particularly at the moment, I begin to wonder do they want the I R A to stop?
The profitability of flagship lines like the Gatwick Express sustains the Government's belief there will be management buy-outs.
But they do loads of that way way down in preparing all these things, and loads and loads of different views expressed at different times, I deal with actually the recommendations er as we get to the point of decision, but on the on the investment point
By tonight the terrorists' toll was seventeen, but the city was over the water, Belfast, and even the politicians were running out of words to express their horror.
In fact you couldn't adequately express yourself in English you were just better to shut up.
I think young folk now are much more ready to express themselves and express themselves in public.
And the Young Farmers' Clubs were quite good for they encouraged speech making and how to express yourself lucidly and er how to speak nicely.
Erm I understand that the House Builders Federation have written to my headquarters on expressing concern about the  possible temerity of the regional office having actually put forward a suggested figure for housing provision in North Yorkshire.
Well I would be in some difficulty there sir because erm I have clearly this is a very important and sensitive er issue, one which involves erm one which would involve erm consideration by my members of the various issues, erm I have no authority to express a detailed view on a ma on a matter of principle, or indeed a general view as to wh as to which is the er the best location.
We've already expressed concern in other arenas about the way in which the greenbelt planning  this structure.
Erm I've expressed a view in my written submissions that I think the emphasis solely on rail erm access i is unfortunate and perhaps should be widened to er public transport generally, obviously rail access plus  rail transport has a particular type of usage.
Well I I I would express my support for Mr  and for Mr  on widening the scope erm to include  because clearly national policy talks about public transport generally and not just rail.
And that must be what should be expressed in the criterion.
Er at the very least I wish to see the criteria  amended erm and expressed in terms of minimizing impact rather er avoiding completely.
There has been some concern expressed by British Coal on this issue.
can I just just pursue that you said said so the if you embarked on another scenario, and you said that the only way in which extra over, that beyond the figure proposed by the County Council, would be by way of a new settlement, I'm sort of transgressing my own ground rules here, I know that Ryedale has expressed support for the principle of a new settlement, are you saying that you would be looking for a new settlement, possibly in Ryedale?
In terms of the definition of er what is historic York I think again an issue we went over for some length of time at the greenbelt inquiry, I would draw your attention back to my earlier comments that York is basically a modern industrial city with a very precious historic core, that historic core er represents no more than actually five percent of the built up area, that something like eighty five percent of the city was built after eighteen hundred, the view that was expressed by the County in N Y Two, in terms of the definition of the greenbelt, the Greater York greenbelt and its purposes was not accepted by the City Council, we do not accept that all of the func elements of the York greenbelt contribute towards preserving the character of the historic city, we rely on the the fact that the two comments the Senior Inspector made at this, the the green wedges and historic core itself that establish the historic character of the city, there are many parts of the edge of York which could repli be replicated in many cities, historic or otherwise around the country  and finally just coming back to the issue of scale of development erm the point I should have made earlier about the house builders figures for the city of York is that the house builders did suggest a figure of four thousand for the city, erm, I'm not aware on what basis that was made, but clearly my evidence would quite clearly indicate that I believe that could not be accommodated, certainly on any known sites within the cit current city boundary, thank you Chair.
This is very brief and solely for the record, Chairman, at the York greenbelt local plan inquiry the City Council made one objection, and one objection only, in respect of sites, and that was a site that straddled the York Selby boundary, that was there only expressed concern on sites specific objection, one site in the entire plan.
Ah erm well, Chairman, I I think that this is something that's going to cut, as far as Hambledon's got concerns, is going to come up in the erm in the next debate, certainly, erm, the erm, the issue of erm whether policy should be expressed in terms of principle and criteria, or erm area and a district as being a dilemma erm to Hambledon, erm, it feels it's erm erm not being able to support the policy as defined, because ultimately the Council would object to a new settlement in Hambledon.
Yes, erm we are aware of the the view that the District Council have expressed, about the new settlement, that's perfectly clear.
Erm, we wouldn't want the policy to progress so far erm as to get to the stage of looking for a specific site and for us to pull the rug underneath the County, and for other authorities to pull the rug from underneath the County at that stage, erm to answer to Mr Heselton's specific question, of course we wouldn't object to a new settlement er in Selby, but erm it doesn't erm it doesn't detract from our objection to erm the principle of the policy, the way the policy's expressed.
Would Mr Cunnane, and the District Planning Officer for the Tadcaster area, that's Selby, concur with the views expressed by Mr Courcier?
Well I, I mean, you know, just forget your admin boundary at the moment, I mean would you concur with the views expressed about Tadcaster and Easingwold?
Now I cannot say whether you will have a secondary school, and the reason I cannot say that er is because the education authority will, quite properly, and quite reasonably, look at the existing pattern of secondary education er in the area, and will bear in mind that secondary school children, not unreasonably, as they do now, can be expected, erm to travel, er some distance, er to a school facility, that is the real world, you cannot expect a local education authority to spend vast amounts of money erm on er a high range of facilities, which are not justified by the size, er, of the community, and all these social, recreation, er an an and education facilities appropriate to the size erm of the community, need to be expressed in a pattern of land use which is well integrated, and well designed, in other words, it's a good design concept er, and how do you do that?
They've gone to a matinee of Starlight Express.
Note: The authors believe that it is important that we encourage students to understand the relationships involved and not concentrate on calculating ratios which they frequently don't understand and cannot interpret because they have not fully understood why a ratio is calculated or the relationships which the ratio expresses.
Answer guide: A budget is defined as a plan of action expressed in money terms.
If Heydrich had a regret about life on earth — and he had never been heard to express one — it was that a day held merely twenty-four hours.
Since Munich, the mood of the British people had changed almost tangibly, with only Chamberlain's grey men in Parliament, backed by their poodles at the Daily Mail and the Express, not positively, atavistically, desiring the first shot.
He already had a contact in a Swedish woman who had expressed a desire to work with the British, who was studying at Dresden.
He was aware that it was trite, but the alternative was to express the scepticism that had grown inside him in the intervening days.
While the reports that IAK sent for the official files expressed no doubt at all, by Thursday he was complaining that he could hardly get the prisoner to mention politics, let alone discuss them.
As a measure of how leaky was the colander, even in the exercise of maximum security, a Movietone newsreel van and a Daily Express reporter had to be shooed away from Euston next morning before he could be transferred to the Tower of London.
She spent two days recovering, expressed shock and horror at what had happened to me, then got on her bike and roared off.
And Victoria now pulled her granddaughter past the indignant old lady, whose face was expressing shock.
The thick grey hair had been tinted a reddish brown, a process to which she had succumbed only for the last two years, having previously been free in expressing her opinion of those stupid women who aimed to camouflage their age by dyeing their hair.
The LIFESPAN concept that the term software must be interpreted to cover almost all aspects of a project is expressed in the definition assigned to a LIFESPAN module.
LIFESPAN is particularly useful for controlling the design stage since the actions emanating from design reviews can be expressed simply and clearly in terms of modifications to specified modules and packages.
Since Postan wrote in 1950, the figures on which historians can base their opinions have been made conveniently available with the compilation of the Phelps Brown and Hopkins indices of the cost of consumable goods, and of building wage-rates in southern England, expressed in terms of these goods [A.1].
When Parliament met in the autumn of 1381, the Speaker expressed the view that the troubles had been caused by abuses in government, notably by purveyance for the royal household and by the levy of taxation for the defence of the realm, particularly as this did not prevent the King's enemies from raiding England.
The evidence of wage-rates, as shown expressed in real terms in the Phelps Brown and Hopkins index,[A.1]points in this direction, and if there was, as seems likely, a decline in urban rent levels, this too could have helped them.
The culmination of these claims to national identity and of sentiments of this nature came in the preamble to Henry VIII's Act in Restraint of Appeals of 1533: ‘Where by dyvers sundrie old autentike histories and cronicles it is manifestly declared and expressed that this Realme of England is an Impire, and so hath been accepted in the world….’(36, iii, 427) Here one finds an explicit statement of views on the nature of England, as well as practical conclusions drawn from them concerning the government of the Church.
Here, expressed in ecclesiastical terms, was the distinction between North and South which recurs frequently in writings of the period.
This is usually expressed in terms of their having replacement ratios of over 100 per cent.
Now the term  ta; W can be expressed as the change in income δY divided by hours worked H, so that substituting  for δW in the final term of (12–1) and multiplying all terms by W/H yields
It is likely that he did express a preference, for although his collapse was dramatic enough for premature reports of his death to reach at least two  cities, he then rallied sufficiently to add codicils to his will.
But this very silence casts doubt on Mancini's central point that the council actually voted down the king's expressed wishes.
There were more double doors at the end and in front of them on a tubular chair sat a uniformed constable reading the Sunday Express.
I had disguised myself with an old cardigan with faded leather elbow patches and a copy of the Daily Express.
He'd stayed there (‘in Didcart’) much longer than he'd intended; and when finally he tore himself away from the Cornish Riviera and the Torbay Express he'd walked back to Didcot Parkway Station at about five o'clock, and caught the next train back to Oxford, where he'd, er, where he'd had a quick drink in the Station Buffet.
Members of the GWR Preservation Society will learn with particular interest that w.e.f. 21st October the world-famous Torbsy Express will be making a nostalgic return visit to a few stretches of its old track, and will first be housed for three weeks in Railway Shed 4 at Plymouth.
His eyes looked across to Morse's: ‘And he said he'd seen the Torbay Express at Didcot, didn't he?
At least Morse spared Cedric Downes the charade of a cordial re-greeting; he even forbore to express the hope that conditions were satisfactory and that the prisoner was being well treated.
He had not returned any fulsome gratitude to his staff for all the work they had put in during the day; but he always found it difficult to express his deeper feelings.
It had been the property of Mrs Stratton's first husband, and it was he who had expressed the wish, as stated in his will, that it be returned to England to find a permanent place in the Ashmolean Museum with its counterpart, the Wolvercote Buckle.
He expressed sympathy and it was received with complacency.
As to liking, I always had the feeling — I can't quite express it — the feeling that in his eyes I was all right— useful in fact, but that I didn't matter in myself.
Kersey, kite flying, with a wary eye on Wycliffe, expressed the same doubt.
HLA-DR is constitutively expressed on B lymphocytes, some macrophages, dendritic cells, vascular endothelial cells, and some epithelial cells and can be induced in a wide range of tissues in inflammatory diseases.
In the normal gastrointestinal tract, HLA-DR is constitutively expressed on small intestinal villus cells but not in the crypts or on gastric or colonic epithelial cells.
Counts were expressed as log 1 enterobacteria/g wet weight of biopsy tissue.
Although some of our E coli isolates were hydrophobic and others expressed mannose resistant adhesins for HEp-2 cells, these two properties were not related.
It is conceivable, however, that the normal mucosa associated enterobacteria are displaced by a more sparse population of pathogenic phenotypes which do not express mannose resistant adhesins.
Density was expressed as the mean number of cells per unit mucosal area (for more detail, see ref 12).
Gastric endocrine cell densities were expressed as mean (SEM).
They were stained with the Grimelius silver method, reacted rather weakly with neuron specific enolase antibodies, and in general strongly with chromogranin A antibodies, while they did not express argent affinity or immunoreactivity for gastrin, somatostatin, enteroglucagon, human pancreatic polypeptide, and peptide YY.
Data are expressed as mean (SEM) ANOVA, a bilateral paired t test and linear correlation coefficients using X-Y pairs were performed for statistical analysis.
Both pre-S1 and pre-S2 proteins are expressed on the surface of HBsAg particles and may be essential components of complete virions and HBsAg filaments.
All costs are expressed in 1989/90 prices, and where costs have been incurred beyond the first year, then the Treasury's recommended discount rate of 6% has been applied to obtain a present value estimate.
Results are expressed as the percentage of the untreated control.
Stool wet weight and far content were expressed as g/24 hours.
Absorption of the various PEGs was expressed as the urinary excretion as a percentage of total dose (3.6 g) given.
Table I gives the results which are expressed as absolute mean values (µg) of the two concordant experiments.
Results are expressed as mean value (SEM).
In addition, gut epithelial cells may be the focus of destruction by the action of mucosal mononuclear cells or a complement mediated process, express potential autoantigens, secrete abnormal mucins, or be metabolically abnormal.
All data are expressed as mean (SEM).
during inflammation PAF activity is differentially expressed, being significantly higher in ulcerative colitis but not in Crohn's disease cells when compared with control.
The mean activity in all channels was used to quantitate motility and was expressed in units of mm Hg/min.
For each experiment, the mean of all four channels was derived and expressed in units of mm Hg/min.
The results are expressed as mean (SEM).
Parametric data are expressed in terms of the mean and 95% confidence interval (CI) and comparison between groups was by the Student's t test.
Non-parametric data are expressed in terms of the median and lowest possible CI above 95% as calculated by the binomial based method, with comparison between groups by the Mann-Whitney U test.
It does, however, express histamine H 2 receptors, which are pharmacologically indistinguishable from those on human gastric glands.
HGT-1 cells also express receptors for vasoactive intestinal polypeptide, gastric inhibitory polypeptide and for TGLP-1.
The results of most family studies of Crohn's disease have been expressed in terms of the proportion of probands with either affected first degree relatives or with a positive family history over all relatives investigated.
Transgenic rats that express human HLA-B27 and Beta-2-microglobulin have developed spontaneous inflammatory disease in the gastrointestinal tract.
Anthropometric measurements of mid arm circumference (MAC), TSF, MAMC, weight and height were made and expressed as percentage standard MAC, MAMC, TSF, and percentage ideal body weight (%IBW).
Results are expressed as mean (SEM).
As indices of postprandial gall bladder contraction, maximum decrement of gall bladder volume in ml and percentage () and integrated gall bladder contraction (expressed as ml/120 min) were calculated.
Indices of CCK and PP release were basal concentration (mean of concentrations at -15 and 0 minutes), maximum increase (), and integrated CCK and PP release (expressed as pmol/l -1 /120 min).
The consumption was expressed as litres of ethanol per inhabitant.
For comparison, the number of discharges because of liver cirrhosis (ICD code 571) and gall stone disease (ICD code 574) were also obtained, and the incidences were calculated as expressed above.
In all 15 fetal stomachs examined parietal cells extended to the pylorus and expressed intrinsic factor and hydrogen-potassium-ATPase activity from week 13 of gestation.
A number of reports have supported the use of colonoscopic surveillance in ulcerative colitis, but doubts have also been expressed about its efficacy.
Concentrations of PGE 2 and TXB 2 were measured by radioimmunoassay and the results expressed as pg/mg/wet weight of gastric biopsy.
Results are expressed as medians (interquartile ranges).
All results were expressed as median and interquartile range.
All results are expressed as mean (SEM).
Net fluid flux was summarised for the ia saline and 5HT hours and expressed as µl/cm loop/ hour in each rat.
Data are expressed as mean (SEM).
Results are expressed as mean (SEM).
Results are expressed as mean (SD).
Recent studies have expressed cautious optimism both for screening and for the use of adjuvant therapy, yet closer examination raises as many doubts as hopes.
All values have been expressed as the mean (SEM).
As a result the oesophagus is selectively replaced by metaplastic cells expressing different phenotypes according to the type of refluxed contents.
Subsequently some of these cells may become fully transformed and hence express an ‘abnormal’ phenotype visible different from surrounding cells by promotion of dysplastic clones, in part, by expression of oncogenes especially c-erbB2.
Net fluid transport was expressed as µl.min -1 .100 cm -2 serosa.
By contrast all the enzyme forms studied were expressed in virtually all adenomas and in over half the carcinomas.
The main cytochromes P450 participating in the metabolism of xenobiotics are families 1, 2, and 3, which are promarily located within the liver, although specific forms of cytochrome P450 are expressed in particular extrahepatic tissues.
Positive controls were sections of normal formalin fixed wax embedded human liver as liver is known to express all the enzymes being studied.
Immunoreactivity for glutathione S-transferases α and π was present in 10 (77%) of the samples, with glutathione S-transferase µ expressed in six (46%, Table I).
Glutathione S-transferase µ, however, was expressed in 10 (83%) of the tumours (Tables I and II).
Based on immunoreactivity, all the carcinomas expressed at least one enzyme, and six tumours expressed all six enzymes (Table II).
Several biochemical studies of xenobiotic metabolising enzymes in colon have made comparisons between samples of normal and tumour tissue, but are of limited value as they take no account of the varying proportions of different types of enzyme expressing and non-expressing cells in the samples.
Generally those xenobiotic enzymes that are expressed in normal colon are present in small quantities (our finding of patchy focal staining of surface epithelium would support this) and it has been suggested that the low level of expression of biotransformation enzymes in normal colon could result in a critically low detoxification value, and hence increase the chances of carcinogenesis taking place in this tissue.
Cytochrome P450 3A was detected by de Waziers, and our own findings, that 61% of colon carcinomas express this family of cytochrome P450, are in agreement.
We, however, found glutathione S-transferase α to be the most frequently expressed form of glutathione S-transferase in colon carcinomas.
Results were expressed as nmol substrate metabolised per hour, after correcting for specific radioactivity of the substrate and number of 1 4 C atoms per molecule.
Reproducibility was checked with six biopsy specimens from adjacent sites in a single patient and coefficient of variation was found to be 12% for butyrate metabolism expressed per µg protein per hour and 18% for glutamine metabolism.
Results are expressed as mean (SEM).
In contrast, when hepatocytes are plated onto a model basement membrane, such as that derived from the Engelbreth Holm Swarm sarcoma (EHS), or in coculture with epithelial cells, they retain their normal cell polarity and structure, and the products of constitutively expressed genes such as albumin continue to be secreted for prolonged periods of culture.
It is also known that hepatocytes express a series of integrin and non-integrin receptors for a series of matrix constituents.
If instead of a native type I collagen substrate, partially denatured type I collagen (or gelatin) is used, viable hepatocytes with a differentiated phenotype that will express cytochrome P can be cultured.
Hepatocytes also express non-integrin, matrix binding proteins.
Rat hepatocytes express three glycoproteins which have affinity for type I collagen.
Molecular studies indicate that this receptor is expressed at low levels only in normal adult hepatocytes but that expression is increased in hepatoma cells for foetal hepatocytes.
In common with many cells, hepatocyte and hepatoma cell lines have been shown to express cell/cell adhesion molecules of the immunoglobulin superfamily and cadherins.
When cleaved from laminin this protein is powerfully mitogenic and may explain the growth promoting properties that laminin has been shown to have cells expressing EGF receptors.
They have been shown to express a 72 kDa type IV collagenase/gelatinase with activity against the normal liver matrix, tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1 (TIMP-1), a potent inhibitor of the matrix degrading metalloproteinases and they also express interstitial collagenase, an enzyme with degradative activity against the excess interstitial collagens that characterise fibrosis.
In addition, Kupffer cells express a 95 kDa type IV collagenase/gelatinase which also degrades the normal liver matrix.
During cholestasis, periportal hepatocytes have been shown to express integrins normally associated with bile duct epithelium.
Results were expressed as the ratio of bone mineral content to bone width in g/cm.
The bone density was calculated using a calibration phantom containing known concentrations of K 2 HPO 4 solution and expressed in grams per litre.
The numbers of intraepithelial lymphocytes for a total of 1000 enterocytes was counted and expressed as intraepithelial lymphocytes per 100 enterocytes, as previously described.
The result of the intestinal permeability test was expressed as the ratio between the percentage of cellobiose and the percentage of mannitol recovered from the urine (cellobiose/mannitol %).
After the microchallenge an abnormal value was found in four of 10 children from group A and seven of 10 children from group B. The intestinal permeability test result in the whole study group, expressed as cellobiose/mannitol %, was significantly correlated with the villous height/crypt depth ratio (r=-0.323; p=0.042) and with the intraepithelial lymphocyte count (r=0.50; p= 0.01), but not with villous height or crypt depth.
These changes are a response to the wishes of subscribers, as expressed in readership surveys, and of the editorial staff, as expressed in repeated cries of woe.
These results can also be expressed as the risk reduction (polychemotherapy compared with supportive care), which was found to be 0.65 at 3, 0.73 at 6, 0.86 at 9, 0.91 at 12, and 0.96 at 18 months.
ELISA results were expressed as the ratio of the absorbance value for the PBL supernatant and the cutoff, defined by the mean absorbance value plus 3 SD of PBL culture supernatants from 9 adults negative for both anti-T gondii (cutoff 0.158) and anti-HIV-1 (cutoff 0.108).
2 days before his death the chaplain expressed concern about F's suicidal state of mind but his family were assured by staff that he was being properly cared for.
37 transgenic pigs, all of whom express human DAF, have been born.
SIR — The association between certain retroviruses and superantigens has provided new insights into the interaction of viruses with the immune system and prompted the idea that HIV might cause, in conjunction with class II genes, cell anergy and depletion of non-infected T cells by encoding a superantigen expressed on activated infected cells.
Because only the V chain is required for recognition, virtually all T cells expressing the appropriate V chains are activated by superantigens, regardless of their V. When exogenous superantigens are injected into adult animals, T cells expressing the appropriate Vs initially proliferate and then, paradoxically, become anergic and die.
The superantigenic erythrogenic toxin A (ETA) of Streptococcus pyogenes stimulates and amplifies specifically CD4 and CD8 T cells from control donors expressing the V8 and V12 elements.
This V-specific anergy affected both CD4 and CD8 cells expressing the V8 element and represented an intrinsic functional defect since it was also observed in response to stimulation with V8 monoclonal antibody (figure).
SIR — We are concerned about one of the proposals in the Law Commission's consultation paper on mentally incapacitated adults and decision-making (May 1, p 1143)— namely, ‘…consent or refusal to treatment may be valid if the treatment and consequences are broadly understood when expressed in simple terms’.
Normal lung tissue and that from patients with focal fibrosis expressed very little ET-1.
A putative growth factor expressed in the respiratory epithelium is endothelin-1 (ET-1), a vasoconstrictor and mitogenic peptide.
Results were expressed as means (SE).
ET-1 mRNA was expressed mainly in hyperplastic type II pneumocytes and airway epithelium (fig 2, panel F).
ET-1 was also expressed in the vascular endothelium of pulmonary vessels with severe morphological changes, this expression being particularly striking in lungs of patients with both CFA and pulmonary hypertension.
Proto-oncogenes activated in tumours derived from a particular haemopoietic lineage are often functionally altered or ectopically expressed.
By contrast, tumour-suppressor genes inactivated in tumours affecting a certain haemopoietic lineage are presumably expressed during the normal differentiation of the lineage, so their characterisation is likely to provide direct insight into the molecular mechanisms regulating such differentiation.
FMS is expressed in myeloid cells and FMS mutations are found in myelodysplasia.
Sadly, fear of non-conformity (along with typical fear of the unknown) is expressed in the stigma still attached to various genetic diseases, including haemophilia.
Senate Republicans have now tasted blood, and the President's own party members in Congress are expressing doubts about tying their political fates to the indecisive fledgling in the White House.
As Blasczyk et al suggest, such molecules might interfere with the association between HLA molecules expressed on antigen-presenting cells and corresponding HLA-restricted T cells, leading to less severe GVHD.
Second, should LAWER be viewed as an acceptable outcome of the doctor's responsibility towards well-known patients in great pain but unable to express wishes?
Results are expressed as medians (interquartile ranges [IQRs]), unless otherwise stated.
By expressing the result as a ratio of carbamylated haemoglobin to serum urea or creatinine the effect of variations between groups in renal function was corrected and statistical power for differences between groups was increased.
All other markers were expressed infrequently on Dupuytren cells, indicating a low prevalence of CD4 T-helper cells (1.6–4.3%) and CD8 cytotoxic T-cells (2.7–8.0%).
Concerns have also been expressed about the possibility of graft occlusions and increased myocardial ischaemia, especially in patients undergoing myocardial revascularisation.
Each person has a legal duty to refrain from any physical touching of another without consent, either express or implied.
The full tracklisting is: ‘Holiday’, ‘Lucky Star’, ‘Borderline’, ‘Like A virgin’, ‘Material Girl’, Crazy For You’, ‘Into The Groove’, ‘Live To Tell’, ‘Rescue Me’, ‘Papa Don't Preach’, ‘Open Your Heart’, ‘La Isla Bonita’, ‘Like A Prayer’, ‘Express Yourself’, ‘Cherish’, ‘Vogue’ and ‘Justify My Love’(co-written by and featuring Lenny Kravitz).
Too clever by half, they could encapsulate in a song-title what most bands could never express in a career —‘We Live As We Dream, Alone’, ‘Capital (It Fails Us Now)’ and ‘To Hell With Poverty’with its neat rejoinder ‘…let's get drunk on cheap wine’.
Another is expressing controversial opinions, so we obligingly lined up a few that focus on guitars and amps….
All our respondents agreed that the new qualifications should be based on a structure of mandatory and optional units, though the strong view was expressed that this should be done in a way that allowed plenty of flexibility.
I find it easier than some of the younger ones to express myself.
Expressing his pleasure at working with TAG, said, ‘My experience over the last 20 years has given me the scientific and technical background which the modern catering industry requires.
Orient Express announced a loss of $5 million for the first quarter of 1991.
UK hoteliers came under attack as the ETB, once again, expressed concern over the cost of telephone calls to guests, particularly to those from overseas.
American Express started a national advertising campaign as part of a multi-million pound promotion aimed at encouraging existing card members to use their cards in restaurants.
These values are expressed, not only in words, but in actions — most notably in that scrupulous attention to detail that has set McDonald's apart from its competitors ever since the early 1950s.
HCIMA expressed doubts at the consultative stage about the lack of hotel and catering GNVQs, but little further information is yet available.
The latest Caterer and Hotelkeeper/American Express Business Barometer Survey, covering the first quarter of 1991, found that high interest rates, inflation and falling consumer demand were the key worries facing hotels and restaurants.
However, Cook expresses the view that although the research on the validity of personality tests has proved disappointing, they have no less predictive validity than the interview and they have the advantage of being cost-effective and standardised.
Recommendations are then sent from this group to the chairman of the Validation panel and the respective course leader, detailing these recommendations and expressing approval or otherwise of enterprise in the course.
However, despite these teething problems, the overall response to the pilot of the Student Tutoring Scheme was highly favourable, from the viewpoints expressed by both student and teacher.
Questionnaires were also given to students to allow individual opinions to be expressed outside of the group discussions.
It was felt by some students that areas of the ‘Enterprise’ component may have been downplayed somewhat if there was no visible link between the ‘content’and assessment; however, more students expressed the view that they would scrutinise the Enterprise component of future optional and elective modules before selection.
2) Some concern was expressed at the choice of the word ‘Manifesto’.
Just a quick memo to express my thanks for all that you did on Friday/Saturday.
My belief is that at Co-ordinators Meeting we should examine that concern and discover a workable and economic way of expressing it.
Hilda Lodge reported the success of the day and expressed the Society's thanks to Kay Evans, Margaret Charlwood and Joan Gatfield for both organising and demonstrating Medau work with the Elderly.
Hilda read extracts from letters received from Dr. Monnica Stewart, Margot Hawker, physiotherapist and June Sutherland, occupational therapist all expressing their enjoyment of the day and appreciation of our work.
Pauline Kenward welcomed the teachers who had come from Norfolk to share the day with London teachers and expressed the hope that this would be the first of many such visits.
Jean Parmiter expressed concern that the Officers of the Society are under considerable pressure.
A full description of the type of meal and cost was given and no particular feelings were expressed by those present.
Special thanks were expressed to Margaret Hickman and Jean Moss who ‘organised’ the children during the afternoon.
Hilda Lodge said that some disappointment had been expressed at the lack of equipment used in display items and very little live piano music, which is our forte, was used to accompany them.
Our thanks were expressed to Chris Benstead for a very enjoyable and instructive day.
Hilda Lodge reported the success of the day and expressed the Society's thanks to Kay Evans, Margaret Charlwood and Joan Gatfield for both organising and demonstrating Medau work with the Elderly.
Hilda read extracts from letters received from Dr. Monnica Stewart, Margot Hawker, physiotherapist and June Sutherland, occupational therapist all expressing their enjoyment of the day and appreciation of our work.
With great sadness the recent death of Audrey Bartlett was reported and condolences were expressed by all former colleagues.
It is disappointing that so few teachers thought it worth attending to express their views either on the resolutions put forward or to raise other matters.
She expressed concern that in both instances income had fallen well short of expenditure.
Jean Parmiter expressed her grateful thanks to Beryl for arranging the Q.T. days for the coming year at Quintin School.
For one with such a full programme it was good of Dr. Stewart to spend the whole day with us but she had expressed the wish to see as much as possible of our work and it was a tremendous pleasure to have her with us and for so many to have the opportunity of chatting with her.
This could be expressed in terms of a formal grammar.
At the lexical level the frame of discernment consists of words expressed as ordered sets of phonemes.
There are a number of reasons why I have chosen to express these findings in terms of number of word-strings rather than in average number of words at each choice point (branching factor).
In any particular case or cases the Council shall have a power to waive in writing any of the provisions of these Rules for a particular purpose or purposes expressed in such waiver and to revoke such waiver.
Whenever the minimum number of Directors shall be one such Director shall have authority to authorise all the powers and discretions by the regulations of the Company expressed to be vested in the Directors generally and Regulation 89 of Table A shall be modified accordingly.
Whenever the minimum number of Directors shall be one such Director shall have authority to authorise all the powers and discretions by the regulations of the Company expressed to be vested in the Directors generally and Regulation 89 of Table A shall be modified accordingly.
It is certainly possible to talk of an "artisan culture" characterised by "independence" , by leisure interests which could embrace the "improving" , high levels of literacy, general awareness and a mutuality expressed though trade societies and a variety of clubs.
It has been pointed out by Dr Baugh that if rising levels of poor-relief expenditure are expressed in per capita terms and related to wheat prices, the real level of poor-relief spending was fairly constant from the early 1790s to 1814.
This supports the view expressed, for example, by Professor McCloskey and derived from economic theory that given the constant labour demand of the war period, the poor-relief system could not have resulted both in falling wages and in falling amounts of labour.
Perhaps we could regard it, along with very many other anonymous letters expressing the grievances of the poorer sort, as an example of "functional literacy" .
Wadsworth expressed it: "In the early eighties, quite suddenly, the Sunday school movement flashed over the country.
The original impulse had been non-denominational, but by the late 1790s the Anglican Church was drawing apart to go its own way, fearful that Methodism especially was gaining converts and even, as the Bishop of Rochester expressed it in 1800: "Schools of Jacobinical religion and Jacobinical politics abound in this country in the shape of charity schools and Sunday schools."
It was as a group that they could in "counter-theatre" mock, mimic and remind their social superiors of their presence as well as discipline offenders against their community norms through charivaris or similar folk forms of expressing displeasure.
Copyright protection, however, does not extend to ephemeral things such as skeletal plots for novels or ideas for computer programs unless and until they are recorded in some form or another and, even then, it is the ideas as expressed which are protected, not the underlying concepts.
For example, the structure, flow and sequence of events expressed in a computer program may be copied and, if a different computer programming language is used, the listing of the second program will look dissimilar to the listing of the first program.
"Decompilation" is used in a wide sense and defined in section 50B as converting a copy of a computer program expressed in a low-level language into a version expressed in a higher-level language and extends to copying incidental to such conversion.
Of course, many software companies make express provision for the user to make a back-up copy.
By section 56, Acme was permitted to transfer the software because there were no express terms in the licence agreement prohibiting this, but it should have transferred all copies of WORDY.
For example, if disassembling a computer program in order to correct errors is necessary to the lawful use and there are no express terms prohibiting this, then it can be done without infringing copyright.
Again, the meaning of "necessary" may be at issue but the important factor is that the presumption can be and, in many cases, probably will be cancelled out by express terms.
This happened in the United States case of NEC Corp. v Intel Corp. (1989) where it was held that Intel's microcode programs were dictated by the instruction set of the microprocessors and, as there were no alternative ways of expressing the ideas incorporated, reverse analysis of the microcode programs did not infringe copyright.
Database structure has been mentioned as potentially protectable but in Total Information Processing Systems Ltd. v Daman Ltd. [1992], it was held that the field and record specifications as expressed in the data division of a COBOL program were not protected because, in this form, the information did not form a substantial part of the computer program as a whole.
Random numbers selected by computer for a newspaper competition called "Millionaire of the Month" were held to be protected by copyright in Express Newspapers plc v Liverpool Daily Post & Echo plc [1985].
After all, the argument that a list of numbers drawn at random by a programmed computer had no human author was rejected, as we have seen, in the Express Newspaper case.
The fundamental rationale underlying the law of confidence is that it can prevent a person divulging information which has been given to him in confidence, on an express or implicit understanding that the information should not be disclosed to others or otherwise used by the recipient of the information.
Obviously, an obligation of confidence can arise by express agreement; for example, where a freelance computer programmer is engaged to carry out some work under a contract which contains a term stating that the programmer will not use or divulge details of the client's business.
The employee/employer relationship is a special case and may be governed by express terms, as incorporated in the contract of employment, or implied terms or both.
When there are no express terms, the employer will not be protected to any great extent.
In the absence of an express confidentiality term in the contract of employment, it was said in Printers and Finishers Ltd. v Holloway [1965]that there would be nothing improper in the employee putting his memory of particular features of his previous employer's plant at the disposal of his new employer.
Even if there is an express term the employer would have to show that the information was over and above the employee's normal skill in the job and amounted to a trade secret.
If there were no express terms, the employee's obligations would be implied.
An ex-employee is thus allowed to make use of his own memory of the work he has carried out in his previous employment unless it involves genuine secrets or is covered by an express term in the contract of employment.
However, a very restrictive express term which tries to prevent an ex-employee making use of mundane skills will be likely to be struck down by the courts as being in restraint of trade.
This case concerned an application to the European Patent Office (EPO) and the invention was a new digital image processing system, the process steps being expressed mathematically in the form of an algorithm.
The better approach would have been for the company to insist that an express term was inserted into the contract to the effect that the computer to be acquired must be compatible with the existing equipment.
It was held that, because the car was referred to in the contract as a new car, this was an express term and since the exclusion clause sought to exclude liability for implied terms only, the defendants were liable.
The exclusion clause was of no effect for this breach of an express term.
Lord Diplock in Treacy v DPP [1971]AC 537 said that the Act was "expressed in simple language as used and understood by ordinary literate men and  women" .
There was express authority, indeed instruction, to collect the goods.
Dobson therefore postulates a distinction between express authority and mere consent.
(d) Dobson, which was a civil case, did not apply in criminal law: "We find it difficult to draw a line between express authority and consent."
In Gomez, Lord Lane CJ said that the goods passed under the voidable-but-not-avoided contract with the victim's consent and express authority.
It includes representations of fact expressed as opinions.
However, an American Express card will fall within s.1 because it has to be paid for.
No. 177, 1989, proposed only one minor alteration, the express statement in what is now s.16(2) of the 1968 Act that the pecuniary advantages are solely those stated in that sub-section.
Trespassing means entry without the consent of the owner, express or implied.
Consent may be express but is usually implied.
In terms of the dictum in Lord Roskill's speech in Seymour [1983]2 AC 493, Parliament had otherwise ordained with regard to recklessness in s.47 — after Spratt it seems that Parliament can otherwise ordain without expressing such a wish.
It expressed regret that English law recognises two forms of recklessness.
Because s.18 is expressed in terms of "cause GBH with intent to do GBH" , the Court of Appeal in Mowatt opined that the term "maliciously" was superfluous.
Responses have to be expressed in appropriate terminology and be based on historical insight not simply on emotion.
That the to preceding the infinitive should bring a meaning of its own into the context is no surprise for a semantically oriented approach to language, since from this point of view the very raison d'être of a linguistic sign is to express meaning.
That the to and bare infinitives, on the other hand, can express differences of meaning, as witnessed by the contexts mentioned at the end of the previous chapter, shows that they are not mere meaningless fossils.
Actual meaning is thus that part of the potential meaning which is brought to consciousness by a particular experience to be expressed.
2.1 TWO TYPES OF MEANING EXPRESSED BY THE TO INFINITIVE
On the basis of the meanings expressed, all the uses of the to infinitive can be divided into two general types which at first sight might seem to be in direct contradiction with one another.
The infinitive event is expressed as non-realized with verbs expressing desire (He wants, wishes, desires to leave), endeavour (He tried, attempted, endeavoured to explain it to me), verbal command (He asked, told, ordered, commanded them to open the door), requirement (The law requires you to purchase a licence.
Granted the potential meaning of to postulated above, these two general categories provide a clear illustration of Guillaume's principle (1984: 134–5) that actualizing a potential meaning is an operation of thought which takes place while the speaker is mentally constructing a sentence and which he intercepts when he has found the representation which he feels as adequate for what he wants to express.
Accounting for the use of this form in any context will always imply relating the particular meaning actualized in the context to the permanent potential significate postulated for it in tongue, and will consequently involve:(1) showing that the common denominator of a before/after sequence is present (the constant element evoked by to), and (2) showing how the speaker has fit the particular experience he is talking about into this potential by intercepting the operation of actualizing it at the appropriate moment (the variable element expressed by to).
The use of the bare infinitive after have in its "passive experience" sense can therefore be explained by the absence of a before/after relation between the passive experiencing (denoted by have) and the event which is experienced (expressed by the infinitive).
Since the to infinitive, as just seen, expresses a non-realized event in these uses, it will be analysed as involving an initial interception of to, as with try diagrammed above.
Since this arises in a great many examples with help, one might well wonder whether the two infinitives do express different meanings here.
This paraphrase is not entirely appropriate as a description of the meaning expressed however; Jespersen (1940: 280) does a better job of it when he characterizes the sense of see with the bare infinitive as that of "immediate perception" , and its sense with the to infinitive as that of "inference" .
An examination of the actual meaning expressed by the to infinitive after verbs of perception in the active voice shows therefore a necessary before/after relationship between the event of the verb of perception (which has shifted to evoke the notion of inference) and the event of the infinitive (which denotes the conclusion reached by means of the inference).
The approach taken here does not afford us the luxury of such explanations: we must seek the reason for the peculiar distribution of the infinitive with perception verbs in the passive voice in the meaning expressed by the sentence.
Indeed the second sentence seems to be merely the passive reformulation of what is expressed by Someone saw him to be walking away, with the inferential or conceptual sense of see rather than the perceptual one.
In order to discern the reason for the use of to with the infinitive in passive sentences of the type just mentioned, we must begin therefore by trying to observe the kind of meaning which these sentences express and the type of context in which they are used.
The impression just described can be related moreover to the before/after idea which to has been seen to express in its other uses.
As would have been expected, the construction with the bare infinitive expresses direct perception of an event — to be more precise, the possibility of direct perception (because of could and might have).
We shall begin by discussing uses where it expresses the mere state of being aware of a fact, a sense which calls for the use of the to and never the bare infinitive.
All observers seem to agree that, as Mair (1990: 200) puts it, "the infinitival construction generally serves to express a combination of knowledge and subjective judgment" while the that- clause expresses "plain knowledge" (cf. also Riddle 1975: 471; Dixon 1984: 590; Wierzbicka 1988: 50-1).
All observers agree that here know does not express the mere awareness of a fact, but functions rather as a verb of perception (Jespersen 1940: 282; van Ek 1966: 104; Palmer 1988: 200); that is to say, here I have known means "I have actually experienced, seen, or heard" (cf.
(1985: 1203) suggest, know + to infinitive was always in British English a "factual verb" expressing the resultative sense, but this is not the case.
The operative sense expressed by know and the reason for the occurrence of the bare infinitive having been defined above, our job here will be to delimit the use of the to infinitive construction.
Again it is not merely the experiencing of the occurrence of each of these events on a number of occasions which is expressed, but rather what is known about the persons referred to by the subjects of these sentences as the result of either experience or receiving information about them from some other source.
It is also to be noted that in all of the cases above the to infinitive expresses, not a particular happening, but something characteristic of the person referred to.
As inevitably occurs when abstract semantic properties are posited independently of form and then forms sought which express these properties, however, the binding hierarchy explanation, while offering some significant observations, does not square very well with the full range of data from actual language use.
Moreover, as pointed out by Mair (1990: 122), cause can be used to express intended causation:(130) By transferring the DNA from a rough-coated bacterium to a smooth-coated one, he caused the latter to produce rough-coated offspring, and the character bred true thereafter.
If, as is postulated here, usage is determined by the meaning to be expressed, the answer must be that there are two different ways of conceiving causation in English, make representing it in a way  that calls for the bare infinitive, cause in a way requiring the representation of abstract movement in time signified by to.
Here the impression is that the object of make is given no choice but to perform the action expressed by the infinitive: in (147) the speaker even uses make to decline any personal responsibility for what he did — he was "acting under coercion" , a paraphrase bringing out the concurrent nature of the causation involved in these sentences.
Make evokes merely the idea of "producing an effect" (= the event expressed by the infinitive), so that causation is represented as operating instant by instant throughout the actualization of the latter and the two events are felt to coincide in time.
In fact, the two manners of conceiving causation are quite parallel to the two ways of envisaging assistance expressed by help.
Force, for example, conveys an idea of coercion similar to that expressed by make in many of its uses, and yet, like cause, it is followed by the to infinitive:(159) An injury forced Skorich to quit after the 1949 season.
To be more exact, get itself evokes the efforts required to obtain a certain behaviour from someone or something and the to infinitive expresses the result obtained.
The sense expressed would therefore be diagrammable as: This is not the case with have, which always carries the implication that this event is actualized:(174) * Miriam now had Pengally break down the gate, but he said he really couldn't go that far.
(180)…and seek to express ourselves as we are, and not as we would have our friend to think us to be.
Here, to differ is the equivalent of to be different, that is to say, the infinitive expresses its event as a state, more precisely as a resulting state, in this type of use.
This suggests that make expresses antecedent causation, since it evokes a process of causation giving rise to a state of affairs that comes into being only at the end of the process.
To brings in a distinctive nuance however: it reinforces the idea expressed by suddenly.
Since the infinitive evokes the effect, to represent it as a mere result produced on the patient implies representing it as coming after the operation of producing this effect (= the making), whence the use of to to express the before/after relationship between the two events.
As Jespersen points out, thank expresses the idea of asking politely here and the infinitive can be paraphrased by"if you will…
Mair (1990: 155) adds a further observation: The most pointed example of the temporal reorientation forced by the presence of an infinitival complement clause is provided by the verb thank, which turns into its own antonym when followed by an infinitive, changing its meaning from "express gratitude for a benefit received" to "ask" — as in I'll thank you to be quiet.
In the sense of "invite" , bid + bare infinitive is used to express requests with which it is normal to comply:(206) He bade his companions enter.
Or it can be used to express requests for which one can assume willingness to comply:(209)(She) took me by the hand, and bidding me be of good cheer, set off with Gus in a coach, to pay a visit to those persons.
Here bid approaches the sense of "command" , but the effect is not that of ushering the infinitive event into existence as with the bare infinitive: since (211) expresses a command valid for all time henceforth (cf. never), there is no way of guaranteeing compliance.
It is well furnished, and almost aggressively expresses Mrs Harrington's personality.
Let represents permission as non-intervention, i.e. as not obstructing the accomplishment of the event expressed by the infinitive, and so the letting cannot be conceived as coming before the event permitted (indeed one cannot say that one has let someone do something until they have actually done it).
It has been seen that the to preceding the infinitive is the sign that the event expressed by means of the infinitive is represented as posteriorized in time with respect to some point of reference.
In all the cases examined with full verbs, the bare infinitive has evoked what could be termed a coincident actualization, and its event is not represented as beginning to exist in time before that of the main verb, as depicted by this diagram of I watched him cross the street: This does not exhaust the expressive capacity of the bare infinitive, however, as we are going to see that it can also express what we will call coincident potentiality.
Since to is not found with most auxiliaries, they provide a further test for the hypothesis that the bare infinitive implies the absence of a before-position with respect to the event it expresses, which will be the topic of the next chapter.
An auxiliary, therefore, does not evoke a separate event from that expressed by the verb form it accompanies, but merely denotes the way the latter's event is conceived, the point of view from which the speaker regards it.
In order to address this question one must first endeavour to investigate the type of meaning expressed by to and the type of meaning expressed by the modals and then try to see why they cannot be put into relation with one another.
Whereas do situates the infinitive in a stretch of time in the past or non-past as something really existing or taking place in that time-stretch, the modals in (4)—(6) on the other hand situate the infinitive's event merely as something which has certain chances of existing in the stretch of time which they express.
In (6), for example, all that is affirmed is possible ownership in the present, while in (2) the meaning  expressed is that ownership is real.
This suggests that the modals differ from do auxiliary in involving a representation of the infinitive event, not as something whose real existence coincides with the present or past time-stretch expressed by the auxiliary, but as something which coincides with the modal only inasmuch as its existence as a potential is concerned.
In the latter case it can express either a subsequent actualization (I managed to catch up with her) or a subsequent potentiality (I wanted to catch up with her).
Further confirmation of the bare infinitive's ability to express a coincident potentiality is provided by uses in exclamations where it does not occur in relation with a modal:(7) What!
Here the infinitive's event is treated as a possibility that has no chance of being real — as something which is impossible, absurd — which shows that the infinitive is clearly capable of expressing a potentiality all by itself.
While (9) does imply that he actually swam across the lake on several occasions, all that it in fact expresses is the past existence of the ability to swim, so that swimming is thought of as a potential event and not as an actualization.
This shows that the actualization of the infinitive's event is not what such sentences express, an analysis supported by Coates (1983: 100), who gives a similar argument for the meaning of can in her discussion of She can swim, and Palmer (1977: 5), who has pointed out that a sentence such as(12) is impossible because can "is not used to imply actuality in the past" :(12) * I ran fast and could catch the bus, Example (13) however is quite acceptable because it implies that the event did not take place, being seen merely as a possibility in the past (i.e. a potentiality).
This is confirmed with respect to another sense of would by Palmer's observation (1983: 212) that the volitional sense behaves the same way as could expressing past capacity.
He notes further to the comments above that while the substitution of will in (16) "would merely say that it would cost him a fortune if he took them home" (idea of conditionality), the be going to construction expresses the idea of a "current orientation" towards the realization of the infinitive's event (here the speaker's intention to take the books home).
Since we see no reason to treat the other modals or the other uses of could, would or will any differently as regards this aspect of their meaning, we propose therefore that both the modals and the infinitive which follows them express potentialities.
This implies in turn that in its use with the modal auxiliaries the bare infinitive can be analysed as expressing a potentiality coinciding in time with another potentiality (the modal's event).
Consequently, for She may own a Porsche, the following diagram can be proposed: The relation is the same for She may leave tomorrow except that the actualization of the infinitive's event would be future (if it is realized at all): The role of the modal auxiliaries is thus to specify the kind of potentiality which the potential event expressed by the infinitive has — possibility, probability, necessity, etc. — and the type of coincidence involved here is that between an event conceived as a potentiality and the form of potentiality which it is conceived as having, i.e. between two potentialities.
These verbs are of great interest for the present study because, unlike may, can, shall, will and must, they can shift from the bare to the to infinitive, according to the meaning they express in discourse, a fact which lends confirmation to the hypothesis that it is the meaning of the modals which explains their use with the bare infinitive.
Indeed, it will be seen that dare can express a sense very close to its meaning as a modal even while maintaining most of the syntactic characteristics of a full verb, in which case it is used with the bare form — eloquent proof that the use of one or the other version of the infinitive is conditioned by meaning and not by automatically operating syntactic rules.
If dare and need are not asserted as realities, then they must be conceived as mere potentialities, and since the infinitive also expresses a non-actual event in these uses, it must also be represented as a potentiality.
Indeed, need and dare allow us to see even more clearly how it is that the modals fail to constitute a before-position with respect to the event expressed by the infinitive.
(45) How express Nature, its translucence and mysterious unities…
What use — how express it?
In (60), a negative idea is expressed by few meaning "not many" .
This relates them to all the other uses of blend and modal dare seen above, dare  itself being conceived as a mere possibility, thereby negating or questioning its existence as a reality constituting a before-position with respect to the event performed due to the daring (that expressed by the infinitive).
As seen above with need and dare, therefore, it is only when ought is not asserted but conceived as a mere possibility that it can cease to constitute a before-position with respect to the event expressed by the infinitive and be followed by the bare infinitive.
The examination of the use of the infinitive with auxiliary verbs shows that the bare infinitive can express the same meanings of actualization and potentiality observed with the to infinitive.
Just as the latter is capable of expressing both subsequent actualization and subsequent potentiality, the former can evoke coincident actualization and coincident potentiality.
These typical senses of the infinitive are summed up in the table below: The bare infinitive is therefore no less versatile than the to infinitive in being able to express a happening as real or only potential, which is not surprising given the fact that the to infinitive is composed of the preposition to + the bare infinitive.
The easiest uses to come to grips with are exclamations such as(1) above, because they give a very clear impression of somehow looking at the infinitive event from a position before: they express a desire or longing to realize the infinitive event, so that (1) might be paraphrased"I would love to be in England…
Like the first type, it always implies incidence to an actualizer of the infinitive event, someone or something which would have been explicitly expressed as the subject had the verb been finite.
The subject expresses the lexical nature, if it is a substantive, and the ordinal person (first, second, third), if it is a pronoun, of the support to which the verbal lexeme is made incident.
In languages such as Latin or Spanish, where the finite verb has distinctive endings for each ordinal person and can even dispense with expressing the subject outside the verb, person quite obviously finds representation within the verbal system.
The main clause, for its part, expresses a judgement about or a reaction to the fact of the infinitive event's having acceded to existence.
Manage thus expresses notionally the movement of approach signified by to from a position before the event up to the point where its realization begins.
However, as with the English infinitive, the speaker is not merely accepting this happening as a fact but is passing judgement on the appropriateness of its occurrence: the verb regretter here expresses a "critical idea" through which the happening être venu is "viewed" (Guillaume 1971a: 218).
In such uses, therefore, the speaker mentally situates a real event in the field of the merely possible so that he can express a judgement, not on the reality of the happening, but on the appropriateness of its occurrence (p. 219): judging whether something real is appropriate for existence or not involves imagining what things would be like without its existence, and so leads to taking a mental position before its existence where both existence and non-existence are seen as possible.
In (21) this critical idea is expressed by a new literary experience, which expresses a (feigned) favourable posture with respect to "reading Gideon on Beet" .
(23) above expresses a favourable reaction to the fact that the speaker happened to find friendship where he was not seeking it.
In both projective and reactive uses, however, the infinitive expresses an actualized contingent event and the impression of contingency implies a reference to a position in time when the infinitive's event was not a reality (i.e. before its actualization), so that the term "reactive" is no more appropriate here than in the canonical uses of the "infinitive of reaction" as a description of the meaning of the to infinitive.
The difference between these two senses lies simply in the fact that loosening the nexus allows the main clause to be interpreted more as a consequence of the actualization of the contingent event expressed by the infinitive than as a judgement on the appropriateness of its occurrence.
Exclamatory sentences such as these express a critical judgement of the occurrence of the happening which the infinitive denotes, and so present it as something which should or could have been avoided.
In many contexts the impression one gets is that this happening is not something the speaker would have expected, but all such uses express a critical judgement on the person represented as the infinitive's support having gone ahead and done something when, in the speaker's opinion, he should not have.
The to infinitive expresses therefore a subsequent actualization in this use.
Kruisinga and Erades (1960: 363) note something very similar: It is evident that the plain stem serves to express that the idea of the activity suggested by the verb is rejected by the speaker as incredible, an outrage, an impossibility, or an absurdity.
Independently of any other verb, the bare infinitive here expresses an event as a possibility, a rejected possibility.
With the modals, the effect of representing the support in its place in time (past or non-past) as receiving the incidence of the potential event is to evoke actualization as dependent on the conditions of possibility, probability, etc., expressed by the modal.
point out quite rightly that the matrix clause "expresses the subject's preference" here but they fail to see the implications of this for the infinitive.
If the matrix clause expresses the course of action preferred by the subject of the verb, however, then the infinitive must express a possibility which is rejected, as in the exclamative sentences treated above.
The bare infinitive expresses a possibility which was not realized in this use and is therefore conceived in the same way as it is with the modal auxiliaries, as a mere potential, except for the fact that no particular form of potentiality is attributed to it.
The first point to be made is that to is not, strictly speaking, part of the infinitive: the latter is a verb, whereas to is a dematerialized preposition whose use is called for in certain contexts because of the meaning it expresses.
The way do does this is to represent its support as receiving the incidence of the actualization of the infinitive event in the time-stretch expressed by the auxiliary.
As for the modals, they represent their support as receiving the incidence of the potentiality of the infinitive's event in the time-stretch which they express.
Thus whereas the bare infinitive allows for the incidence of its event to a support situated within the confines of event time, the mechanism of incidence provided for by the verb form itself is inoperative when called upon express an incidence to a support situated prior to the time contained in the event.
Homage to the achievement of established authors, expressed in the form of direct copying, is not an accepted mode of writing essays or dissertations in (for example) British universities and colleges.
The choice in  this way contributes to the VOICE in which we write ( "writing voice" here alludes to the notion of speaking voice, in which we express attitude by intonation, tempo and other means).
— emphasis, which can be expressed in non-academic writing by italics, capitals or underlining.
Our second and third illustrations express personal response without any justification, explanation or apparent room for argument.
4.6 EXPRESSING TASTE AND VALUE
The second major way of expressing bias is in the use of names for groups of people.
The false generic "Man/mankind" should be replaced by "people" , "humankind" , "etc.; and further bias against women is expressed by referring to adult women as" girls".
So it is worth remembering that there is another, different suffix, s, which expresses plural and which does not have an apostrophe.
Grammatical words and grammatical objects like suffixes (as we have seen — expressing possession, plurality or past/present tense) are a particular problem in writing, particularly for non-native speakers, and we will see further examples of this.
One problem relates to the grammatical word "have" when it is used to express past tense (the "perfect" use of "have" ): Women have been particularly targeted in magazines, especially during the Second World War, when the British government has realised the importance of women's magazines as a channel of communication.
A common problem with co-referential items like pronouns and demonstratives arises when it is not clear what they refer to: Sir William Lucas is "in earnest contemplation of the greatness before him" and his daughter Maria "frightened almost out of her senses" when they meet Lady Catherine at Rosings, which expresses their simplicity and nature to be easily impressed by grandeur and presentation.
Each element of the consumption aggregate is then expressed as a proportion of the total.
In the study by Brainard and Perry, this fear is also expressed by Dornbusch, who argues that the increased pressures of competition induced by the SEM will lead to calls by the lower productivity member states to increase the levels of external protection to allow them to maintain their threatened industrial structures.
However, in the case of mergers there are no official proposals to change the orientation of policy, despite the concerns which have been expressed about the operation of present policy.
However concern has also been expressed that particular social problems will emerge from the completion of the SEM across all of the EC.
Social dumping expresses the concern that employment will be lost in those states whose higher social standards are reflected in higher average labour costs.
From 1974 until 1978 conferences were held annually, but at the 1978 meeting the ETUC expressed its concern at the lack of evidence of any positive results from the meetings.
By the early 1980s the ETUC was expressing increasing dissatisfaction at this lack of progress, and the relationship between the employers and trade unions reached its lowest ebb when employers' opposition ensured the freezing by the Council of the "Vredeling Directive" on worker consultation in 1986.
In the event, however, the Commission could only obtain agreement for 5 per cent of the ERDF budget to be non-quota, and very little interest was expressed in these funds by member states.
While accepting the possibility that the effects of monetary union may create greater shocks for the less favoured regions/countries, particularly those whose economies are initially very distorted, the general belief expressed by the Commission is nevertheless that growth in the EC as a whole will be accompanied by a narrowing of regional disparities, and that "comprehensive regime change is the key for the convergence of lagging countries and regions" .
Laughter is a means of expressing judgement that is directed at the characters who fail in some way in the text.
The underlying value-system is clear, as the dream of a world in which the unconstrained sexuality of the favoured male and female characters converges, and is expressed without shame.
The notion of "tone" here reflects a sense of the word expressed by I. A. Richards: that tone resides in the relationship between the author and his readers.
In a recent article, Pearcy (1990) has suggested that a general function of the explicit moral in a fabliau, where there is one, is to express a dialectical opposition between social convention — in particular the supposedly sanctifying constraints of Christian marriage — and individual libertarianism, in particular extra-marital sexual indulgence.
Thus a considerable proportion of the fabliaux may appear less inhibited in expressing their underlying desires than the more sophisticated sexual joke envisaged by Freud.
The pornographic monologue of the monk's expressed thoughts soon turns into a pornographic play, in the dialogue between monk  and wife whereby each tests and reassures the other that their desires, and their readiness to hide those desires under the dissimulation of a financial bargain, match.
The slow deliberacy with which the wife commences her reply, with not a hint of offence in her reaction but rather a hint of care in selecting the right mode of reply, emphasizes her willingness to converse on the topic: So does her subsequent appropriation of a rhetorical device, the occupatio, a statement emphasized by the speaker feigning unwillingness or lack of freedom to express it: The monk too takes a moment's pause before replying: again seeming to digest the implications of the wife's words, or (and?) to express, silently but with an eloquent action, astonishment at the wife's ready invitation to him to continue to converse on this topic.
Probably Bevan himself expressed this most eloquently in relation to health care:
But most concern was expressed about nursing, which comprises 50 per cent of the total NHS workforce.
Concern has been expressed by nursing organisations that some skillmix exercises have been undertaken in a simplistic manner, purely for cost-cutting purposes and with adverse effects on quality of care.
The new government quickly showed its enthusiasm for the private medical sector which was growing rapidly in 1979, and in 1980 Gerard Vaughan, Minister of Health, expressed the belief that it might grow to around one quarter of the size of the NHS.
The conflict was exacerbated by the politically inept way in which the issue was handled by the NHSME, with the chief executive writing directly to Unit General Managers (UGMs), "inviting" them to express an interest in self-governing status, over the heads of their health authorities and often against their express wishes.
As one manager expressed it: "If you want to move an elephant you have to be pretty rude about it."
Consumers are not free to express their real preferences and suppliers are not subject to competitive tests of efficiency and quality.
Often they have been created to meet needs or express values (equity, justice, retribution) not readily met or expressed by the market.
He was also utterly allergic to the suggestion that de Gaulle or anybody else could have legitimacy until the French people had expressed their preferences in democratic fashion.
It also provided a forum in which French men and women of differing political persuasions could express their confidence in the CFLN and its president.
De Gaulle had publicly expressed his preference for a "yes-yes" vote (i.e. yes to a new constitution and yes to limitations on the prerogatives of the Constituent Assembly).
Even after he had made them known, he had made it virtually impossible for voters to express their agreement with his views (by refusing to patronize the Union Gaulliste or some equivalent).
They have turned up numerous occasions before June 1958 when de Gaulle expressed either scepticism about forced integration or a belief in self-determination.
For example, that was the view that he had expressed to his old wartime comrade Maurice Schumann in February 1958.
This vagueness was inherent in a concept which expressed deep-rooted instincts rather than a carefully conceived policy.
This "self-determination" speech, as it became known, was probably the most important that he delivered during the Algerian conflict — not because it expressed radically new ideas, but because it expressed openly and in concrete terms what had hitherto been implicit.
The speech provides a perfect example of the way de Gaulle used language, not just to express opinions but to shape a fluid situation.
Certainly he was convinced from the beginning that a solution could only come through Algerian self-determination and the democratically expressed will of the French people.
For example, his belief that the leader's job was to set a policy and leave his subordinates to implement it — the belief that he had expressed at the War College in the 1920s (see page 4)— got him into deep water in Algeria.
This critique was expressed to British and American leaders as early as July 1958.
On at least one occasion, he went so far as to express the hope that his own son would succeed him as monarch.
This will be on the ground that the breach of duty was not the legal cause of the damage and will be expressed by saying that the damage was too remote.
Some judges are of the opinion that there must be an express or implied agreement between the parties before the defence can operate.
Where the parties have reached an express agreement that the plaintiff will voluntarily assume the risk of harm and this agreement is made before the negligent act, then the defence will operate.
At one time it was thought that the section only applied to express agreements and not to an implied agreement.
At one extreme Diplock LJ stated in Wooldridge v Sumner: "The defence of volenti in the absence of express contract, has no application to negligence simpliciter where the duty of care is based solely on proximity or"  "neighbourship"  "in the Atkinian sense."
Where there is an express agreement to such effect there is little difficulty.
An express agreement by a passenger in a car to waive his rights to sue the driver for negligently inflicted injuries is, as we have seen, negated by statute.
This case supports the view expressed in Baker v Hopkins that a person who places himself in danger may owe a duty of care to a rescuer.
It includes invitees and licensees and those who have a contractual right to enter, where there is no express contractual duty of care (s. 5(1)).
A person who enters under a right conferred by law is treated as a visitor, whether or not they have the occupier's express permission to enter (s. 2(6)).
For this section to apply, the landlord must be under an obligation to the tenant for the maintenance or repair of the premises, or he must have an express or implied right or power to enter the premises to carry out any description of maintenance or repair.
The obligation may arise from an express term in the lease or may be implied by statute: e.g. the Landlord and Tenant Act 1985, ss. 11 and 12, which require the landlord to repair the exterior and structure of premises, where the lease of a dwelling house is for less than seven years.
If such a duty was to be owed it would have to be based on an express or implied term in the contract of employment.
The patient may give express consent, for example, by signing a consent form for a surgical operation, or there may be an implied consent, for example by holding out an arm for an injection.
(2) An instrument shall not be a deed unless —(a) it makes it clear on its face that it is intended to be a deed by the person making it, or, as the case may be, by the parties to it (whether by describing itself as a deed or expressing itself to be executed or signed as a deed or otherwise); and (b) it is validly executed as a deed by that person or, as the case may be, one or more of those parties.
Nationally the 1957 Rent Act fulfilled neither the stated objectives of the government nor the fears expressed by the opposition.
If on the other hand residential accommodation is granted for a term at a rent with exclusive possession, the landlord providing neither attendance nor services, the grant is a tenancy; any express reservation to the landlord of limited rights to enter and view the state of the premises and to repair and maintain the premises only serves to emphasise the fact that the grantee is entitled to exclusive possession and is a tenant.
The grant may be express, or may be inferred where the owner accepts weekly or other periodical payments from the occupier…
Mr Brady and Ms Guile approached the landlord together and expressed an interest in taking up six months occupation of a two-roomed flat.
Likewise, there was unity of time in that each of their interests arose simultaneously and was expressed to endure for six months.
205(1) (xxvii) "Term of years absolute" means a term of years (taking effect either in possession or in reversion whether or not at a rent) with or without impeachment for waste, subject or not to another legal estate, and either certain or liable to determination by notice, re-entry, operation of law, or by a provision for cesser on redemption, or in any other event (other than the dropping of a life, or the determination of a determinable life interest); but does not include any term of years determinable with life or lives or with the cesser of a determinable life interest, nor, if created after the commencement of this Act, a term of years which is not expressed to take <pb n=80 effect in possession within twenty-one years after the creation thereof where required by this Act to take effect within that period; and in this definition the expression "term of years" includes a term for less than a year, or for a year or years and a fraction of a year or from year to year…
The basis of that decision was stated by Lord Greene MR, at p. 370: "A term created by a leasehold tenancy agreement must be expressed either with certainty and specifically or by reference to something which can, at the time when the lease takes effect be looked to as a certain ascertainment of what the term is meant to be.
The case involved a lease on a mill which was capable, on the facts, of taking effect as an equitable seven year lease, subject to specific express covenants, or a legal periodic tenancy, without any such terms.
Leases are contracts and both parties, landlord and tenant, will be bound by any express terms in that agreement.
Those terms which are commonly found in leases, both express and implied, are detailed below.
Given the importance of repairs it is perhaps surprising that English law in this area is an uncoordinated, disorganised confusion of common law, statute and express terms.
(2) The covenant implied by subsection (1)( "the lessor's repairing covenant" ) shall not be construed as requiring the lessor —(a) to carry out works or repairs for which the lessee is liable by virtue of his duty to use the premises in a tenant-like manner [below], or would be so liable but for an express covenant on his part,(b) to rebuild or reinstate the premises in the case of destruction or damage by fire, or by tempest, flood or other inevitable accident, or (c) to keep in repair or maintain anything which the lessee is entitled to remove from the dwelling-house.
Apart from express contract, a tenant owes no duty to the landlord to keep the premises in repair.
Further, tenancy agreements frequently contain express contractual covenants to repair imposing considerable obligations upon tenants.
Perhaps because of the often unequal bargaining positions of landlord and tenant, at least with respect to residential leases, it is rare to find an express covenant to repair placing the duty to repair upon the landlord.
Leases frequently include express covenants restricting the right of the tenant to assign or sublet the property.
19 (1) In all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this Act containing a covenant condition or agreement against assigning, under- letting, charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent, such covenant condition or agreement shall, notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary, be deemed to be subject —(a) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld, but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent;…
In the absence of any express agreement to the contrary, the "usual covenants" are implied into every equitable lease.
Formulations of definitive tests are always dangerous, but it seems to me that, without claiming to expound an exhaustive guide, the following provides a satisfactory working test for whether, in any given case, a covenant touches and concerns the land:(1) the covenant benefits only the reversioner for the time being, and if separated from the reversion ceases to be of benefit to the covenantee;(2) the covenant affects the nature, quality, mode of user or value of the land of the reversioner;(3) the covenant is not expressed to be personal (that is to say neither being given only to a specific reversioner nor in respect of the obligations only of a specific tenant);(4) the fact that a covenant is to pay a sum of money will not prevent it from touching and concerning the land so long as the three foregoing conditions are satisfied and the covenant is connected with something to be done on, or to in relation to the land.
An express proviso for re-entry contained in the head lease.
L1 then assigned the reversion to L2, and C assigned Greenland to D. There were no express terms limiting the assignment of the benefit of the covenant for quiet enjoyment, or the liability of L1 or L2.
Such a right of re-entry, which is an express proviso in most legal leases and is implied into all equitable leases, gives the landlord the right literally to take possession of the land.
No doubt this was the real point of the missive, but it is rather vaguely expressed and makes one wonder whether the author really had  much idea what had happened.
It expresses Cnut's wish that the gift of transitory earthly riches will secure eternal rewards in heaven, the redemption of his soul, and absolution from his crimes.
The fact that the visit took place on the anniversary of Edmund's death, together with the peacock cloak, suggests that Cnut was expressing concern for Edmund's salvation.
If, as suggested above, he faced considerable initial hostility, and presided over a government which some churchmen found oppressive, religion could have been one way in which opposition was expressed.
It emphasises the fact that class is not something given in economic antagonisms which can be expressed straightforwardly in political formations.
Such communities may tolerate a wide range of different forms to express the same item.
This means that in some cases, the HE speaker must "lose" or neutralise a contrast which is normally expressed in HE.
More difficult is the case where the HE speaker must learn to make a distinction which has to be expressed in SE but is not present in HE; the speaker must learn to "split a category" as in the case of beer and bear mentioned above.
In the remainder of this chapter I will report some of the attitudes and beliefs about language expressed by some of my young informants.
In the context of Conversation E, then, using Creole to express a refusal marks it as "jocular" and non-threatening, just as laughter, delay and offering an excuse (or "alternative" ) were used earlier to mark another refusal as non-threatening.
Hence particular research programmes have generally centred on one of three broad areas of code-switching phenomena:(1) The formal aspects of code switching, in particular the grammatical mechanisms whereby a bilingual individual can produce a sentence (or sentence-like utterance) partly in one language and partly in another, where the respective parts still apparently conform to the rules of the language they are expressed in. (2) Pragmatic and discoursal aspects of code switching — what factors within a particular encounter motivate speakers to switch and what meanings underlie speakers' switches.
Bell expresses the connection between these as "an axiom of sociolinguistic structure" , which he calls the Style Axiom: Variation on the style dimension within the speech of a single speaker derives from and echoes the variation which exists between speakers on the "social" dimension.
What we may loosely term the formal/informal continuum is simply expressed in different code sets in different societies: by language choice in bilingual societies, by dialect switching in diglossic situations, and by style shift in monolingual societies.
As Goffman puts it (1981: 128),"A change in footing implies a change in the alignment we take up to ourselves and the others present as expressed in the way we manage the production or reception of an utterance.
This could be the case, for example, in Conversation F-1 where Valerie assumes a Creole-speaking persona when she expresses irritation.
In Britain, borrowing needs of all public authorities are largely centralised and expressed as a public-sector borrowing requirement (PSBR).
The running yield is given by dividing the coupon by current market price and then multiplying the result by 100 in order to express it as a percentage.
When this loss is allowed for and expressed in terms of an annual (negative) return over the holding period, it is possible to derive a redemption yield comprised of both running yield minus annualised capital loss.
There are several ways of expressing the factors affecting the cash position in the money market, but this is the method used most often in the Bank's Quarterly Bulletin.
The contract is expressed as 100 minus the three month interest rate to be delivered.
In either case, it is issued and dealt in the primary and secondary markets on the basis of a yield to maturity, which is usually expressed in basis points.
A British ambassador expressed a widely accepted attitude when, in 1779, he dismissed his Neapolitan colleague at St Petersburg as "merely a man of letters, unacquainted with and unfit for business" .
A consciousness of belonging to a coherent professional group was both expressed and strengthened by the appearance, from the mid-nineteenth century onwards, of guides and yearbooks which for the first time listed the diplomats and foreign office officials in the service of most of the European states.
Yet on the other hand governments were quite willing to disregard clearly expressed public feeling when this seemed in the national interest.
Much has been written about the theology expressed by these writers, and the theological influences which seem relevant to it.
But speculative source-study can reveal more about the reading of the scholar than about the actual text whose possible sources are the object of the exercise and, after all, it is only to be expected that those who share a faith will also share a way of expressing it.
So Thomas Traherne in the seventeenth century saw "something infinite behind everything" and expressed his joy at the feeling of unity with creation: You never Enjoy the World aright, till the sea itself floweth in your Veins, till you are Clothed with the Heavens, and Crowned with the Stars:…
For example, Peter Matthiessen's account of his astonishing journey on foot, with limited supplies in the face of overwhelming winter snows, from Nepal to the Crystal Mountain in Tibet where he goes fired with the hope of seeing the rare, almost mythical, snow leopard, expresses a pattern of experience that is at the heart  of the awareness of the medieval mystics with whom this book is concerned.
The beauties and rigours of the literal journey, the only means of seeing the creature now threatened with extinction through the dark destructive energies of man, are inseparable from the spiritual experience given and expressed through their means.
For them "the splendid utterance of the divine in all mankind" had been definitively expressed over a thousand years previously in the way of life and teaching of Jesus Christ in Palestine, in his death at the hands of violently destructive men and in his restoration in life with the source of all being, God.
The creative power of the Father is expressed in the Son as his wisdom and, in the Holy Spirit, as the creative love which binds them.
Mystical experience as a peculiarly human goal has a long cultural history which bears on the way these writers express themselves.
He formulated in haunting terms the longing expressed by Platonists for the source of all beauty: "late have I loved Thee, O Beauty so ancient and so new" , but he recognised this longing as itself the working of God's  gift of love in man — in theological terms, the grace of the Holy Spirit.
Concomitant with the mystical theology inherited by the medieval English mystics, and also governing their thought and  expression was a dialectic about the mode of living which enabled mystical experience and a vocabulary to express it.
This dialectic concerning the balance of human cognitive powers in theological understanding certainly influenced the way in which the medieval mystics expressed themselves, and it is necessary to be aware of the context of argument within which they wrote.
The essentially complementary nature of contemplative and active life fully expressed in the Incarnation but experienced often as a tension for individuals could be reflected more freely in the whole society of Christians understood as the body of Christ.
Indeed the power of the Church rituals in society to provide icons through which the reality they were designed to express could be felt, should not be underestimated as Margery Kempe's reaction, however extreme, bears witness.
The zeitgeist expressed itself in a lively concern for the Christian faith and its implications for a modus vivendi.
They dressed with distinctive plainness and aspired to a simple integrity expressed in behavioural terms defined with the authority of Scripture.
The strong sense of community between living and dead expressed in the frequent injunction in wills to pray for the soul of the deceased and to endow a priest for this specific purpose witnesses to a feeling for a purpose in existence beyond that of material well-being.
The enthusiasm of both Margery Kempe and Richard Rolle for adopting a life-style which would itself openly express a response to God's love as revealed in the Incarnation and their desire to teach  others of this, betrays a deeply felt response to Franciscan teaching; while Walter Hilton's beautifully structured account of the progress to essential human fulfilment as inward discovery of the reality of Christ incarnate dying to sin but rising in love, one in heart and mind with God, places Walter Hilton squarely in the tradition of the theology of the Augustinian friars.
What does seem to be the case is that Rolle had an experience of what he understood as divine reality which transfigured his ordinary perception and that he could only express this in terms of the way men respond to the arts of music and literature.
In an age when lay people did not participate in the celebration of the Latin Mass the mystics writing in the vernacular interpreted their own experience of the reality expressed in both ritual and architecture, that it is only by means of suffering that redemptive love is proved and inherits the kingdom.
Rolle expresses it metaphorically as speech becomes song.
In Emendatio Vitae he acknowledges the variety of modes of expressing this kind of insight: He continues with a memorable expression of the joy in the play of faith "myrth in mynde had gostely for  lufar euerlastynge, with grete voys oowt brekand" (12.127.16–28).
But the second degree expressed outwardly in giving up the world with a heart wholly centred on Christ, seems to correspond in some ways to both the insuperable and inseparable stages of The Form and like them gives way to a third stage when the contemplative sees into heaven and is filled with the joy Rolle expresses as song: "prayers turnes intil joyful sange, and  thoghtes to melody" (69.284–5).
Thus he expresses the realisation that in the still mourning is a moving power and the lyric ends with another juxtaposition, this time of two positive certainties, of the reality of the vision longed for, and of the recognition that the power to realise it is love which on man's part essentially expresses its dynamic nature by means of patience, "the faith and the love and the hope are all in the waiting" .
The result is a lyrical prose particularly effective when it serves to embody a singing climax at strategic points — a not unsurprising tactical manoeuvre on the part of a writer trying to intimate the reality of a mystical experience which he expresses as transposing everyday speech to song.
Active life, keeping the commandments and loving one's neighbour as oneself, is compatible with, indeed may express, the first degree of love, while contemplative life grows from this to the more inward experience of all three degrees of love.
The cadences of intense sadness and horror serve to intensify the feeling of devotional longing for a love which will somehow heal this dying process yet is integrally linked with, and expressed through it: The very repetition of the invocation "swete Ihesu" which does not appear in the short version gives a feeling of relief.
The purpose of both versions of Rolle's Meditations on the Passion is the same: to stimulate that penance and love which can bridge the gap between man and God — a gap that Julian was to express in her realisation that in her longing for God "nothyng letted me but synne, and so I beheld generally in us al" .
The Primer expresses it: and in contemplative understanding the historical resurrection of love is experienced as an inner reality more powerful than the block of sin (guarded tomb) that separates man from Christ.
Richard Rolle's at times flamboyant attempt to arrive at a form of living which would express his compulsive and impulsive drive towards personal realisation of the love of God, brought the circumstances of his life into prominence.
Certainly both books are attributed to Walter Hilton Canonicus de Thurgarton, though the mood he expresses in Scale 1, which is addressed to a female recluse, seems similar to that he expressed while he was still a solitary and suffering the kind of feelings of purposelessness he expresses in the De Imagine Peccati.
The text from the Canticle of Canticles 2:4 ordinavit in me caritatem (he set in order charity in me) distils imaginatively Hilton's understanding that love can only be properly expressed through a disciplined orientation of the particular gifts and powers of the self to God.
He may be naturally drawn towards a discovery of a state which does not depend on time and space for its reality, but the medium of the imperfect world into which he is born means that: Such knowing and feeling, the mystics say, is given in response to a process — an ordering of the drives in human nature so that they can be expressed as love.
Here, in Mixed Life, he relates that individual experience of Christ in every man to the Christ who transcends individual limitations and is expressed by the whole body of those in whom he is born in time through their knowing and doing: It is precisely because of these "sundri wirchynges" in the lives of individuals dictated by their particular talents and circumstances that discussion of active and contemplative life tends to polarise life-styles which are then also subject to evaluation in which contemplation is more highly esteemed simply because it relates to a greater state of spiritual awareness.
It is true that his definition of Rachel as "reste [and]goosteli swettenesse in deuocioun and contemplacion" , and "grace of deuocioun and reste in conscience" (31–2. 351–2,360–1) seems to  correspond with his thinking about the stage of spiritual development which he describes in Scale 1 chapter seven as preceding an experience where man's awareness in love of the life within him as Christ, is expressed as a "mariage made bitwix god and  soule" (8.283a. –82).
What is remarkable is that the same basic truths can be experienced and expressed in such outwardly differing modes.
Hilton's uneducated disciple, however, is learning at this stage that the goal of the contemplative life is a remaking of the self to be like God through a loving practice, and thus knowledge, of goodness: Such contemplation is experienced as a gift which lifts the conscious effort to know and love God into an activity of delight which expresses the whole man: Although this goal is thus acknowledged from the start, the rest of the book is devoted to the means by which the contemplative can  work towards it.
This discipline is the way through which the full meaning of the Incarnation is experienced and the creative love of God expressed through the constraints of human nature.
This stress on will — "loke what  wil is for  in  al" (70r. –205)— is an aspect of the concern he expresses in Mixed Life for the importance of a "continuel  desire to God" and in Scale 1 (22.295b. –95) for a "hole and a stable entencoun" to please God which must underly all that the anchoress does.
Devotion in the Middle Ages was often expressed by means of penitential journeys to famous shrines.
In chapter twenty-four, when he identifies the desire for God which fuels the contemplative's journey with Jesus, he uses language which echoes Matthew's account of the Resurrection and comments: In the reformation of feeling the contemplative is moving beyond the love understood and expressed by means of the suffering involved in penance, to the fruit of the risen lord.
must in its pure form express unconditional allegiance to orthodoxy and autocracy; everything which passes beyond these bounds represents the admixture of alien concepts, the play of fantasy, or a mask behind which the ill-intentioned try to ensnare inexperience and entice dreamers.
On a visit to London in 1844, the tsar expressed his conviction that the demise of the Ottoman Empire was inevitable.
In 1850 Nesselrode expressed the view that "Russia's position and that of her Sovereign has not been as attractive or as powerful since 1814" .
In settlement of Point Four, the sultan expressed goodwill towards his Christian subjects in return for an acknowledgement, on the part of the Great Powers, that they had no right to interfere in the internal affairs of the Ottoman Empire.
The new tsar's aunt, the Grand Duchess Elena Pavlovna (liberal German widow of the reactionary Grand Duke Mikhail), expressed a commitment to reform on the day after Nicholas I's death.
He gave Kiselev the chance to comment on the Secret Committee's recent papers and expressed particular approval of Haxthausen's opinion that the serfs had to be emancipated before their dissatisfaction expressed itself in revolt.
In late September 1857 he reported to the Ministry of Internal Affairs that the north-western gentry had expressed formal approval of landless emancipation.
Second, and more important, even nobles who were determined to be recalcitrant expressed their recalcitrance in many different ways.
The range of opinions expressed by nobles on the provincial committees made plain to St Petersburg that it had to act alone.
If opinions like those of Shchapov could emerge in remote Kazan"— they were partly generated, it seems, by members of the local ecclesiastical hierarchy — it was hardly surprising that the more sophisticated radicals to be found in other places expressed even greater disillusionment with the government's performance.
Kostomarov expressed an almost identical antipathy to the state in his inaugural lecture of November 1859.
Admittedly, the draft legislation made provision for a more demanding sort of primary education in parts of the country which expressed a desire for it, but the likelihood  of this superior version taking root was small in view of the poverty of the peasants who would have to pay for it.
Neville Chamberlain, for instance, expressed fears that British and imperial interests might suffer if the United States became a major player in world affairs.
It expressed the feelings of many with its claim: "In moral terms we are creditors; and for that we shall pay $140 million a year for the rest of the twentieth century."
In the USA Time magazine, for instance, expressed sympathy for British policies in — of all places — the Mediterranean (the source of numerous American wartime complaints that British strategy was based as much on selfish imperialism as on winning the war).
The Daily Express applauded his performance, but not his argument.
In addition doubts were expressed if the United States could hope to fight the USSR successfully without British assistance.
In contrast it was the British, not the Americans, who were the first to express alarm at the wider implications of the communist challenge in French Indo-China.
Indeed, compared with all the enthusiasm for the "special relationship" necessarily expressed in public by numerous British spokesmen between the 1940s and the 1990s, Gaitskell's cool summary is as broadly representative of British feelings and thinking as one is likely to find.
Churchill in the cabinet in August 1954 expressed the fear that the United States, conscious that it must  soon lose its nuclear lead over the USSR, might be tempted in the interval to try to snatch what advantages it could in the Cold War.
He even showed some interest in Churchill's desire to undertake a personal reconnaissance to Moscow (in 1953 Eisenhower himself had expressed interest in East–West co-operation over nuclear issues).
Dulles diplomatically expressed sympathy for their point of view only to warn that such a strategy was unlikely to succeed unless the United States expected to win a general war.
In reply the American military cautiously expressed a preference for joint action within existing alliances such as Nato or Seato rather than any new bilateral arrangements.
But Sir Paul Gore-Booth, the permanent under- secretary in the Foreign Office, later expressed his doubts.
About a third said unequivocally that they would not support the repeal, and even the doubtfuls expressed their opinions in such a way as to leave no doubt about the strength of their reservations.
Whilst we should be sceptical of rhetorical strategies adopted for tactical reasons, the opinions of prominent Tories expressed at the time of the Revolution itself deserve to be given more weight.
Most cases of seditious words expressed a belief in the principle of Stuart legitimacy.
In November 1691, for example, Clemens Storey, a London woollendraper, expressed his belief that King James was "the right and lawfull King" , whilst in September 1695 George Dent, a Southwark glover, allegedly said that "King James hath more right to the Crowne than King William and that King William is not Lawfull King, and that he is a Nasty Little Fellow" .
Jacobite seditious words, by their nature, express the belief that James should be King and not William; often the speeches recorded in the legal documents are short and cryptic, and do not offer a full explanation of how that belief came to be arrived at.
James Weenes, in a conversation he had with the wife of a London weaver in September 1690, expressed his opinion that William was "a Dutch Dogg and an Usurper" , who "like a Villain came and took the Crowne from the head of his Father" , and also that"the nobility was a parcel of Rogues and all of them lived as high as Kings.
It is true that cases of seditious words brought before the courts at the time of the disturbances show that disaffection was often expressed in terms of a belief in Stuart legitimism: in early 1715, Londoner Phillip Hide cursed King George and said "he had no right to the Crowne of England" , whilst on 29 May 1715, during the Jacobite demonstrations in London, John Burnoist was noticed to be wandering the streets shouting "James the third is right and Lawfull King of England" , the "protector of the protestant religion" , and "George is a Usurper to the Crown" .
However, this chapter has emphasised that Jacobitism was more potent as a negative force, as an ideology of opposition, a way of expressing dissatisfaction  with various post-Revolution developments, rather than as a positive commitment to a Stuart restoration.
In such a situation, it was inevitable that political disputes tended to be expressed in  the language of Court versus Country rather than in terms of the old party ideologies — even if the use of such rhetoric was forced on people for tactical reasons, and a Tory who espoused Country arguments in order to make common cause with opposition Whigs still remained recognisably Tory at heart.
How should I express fear?
The project finishes there, with the children expressing considerable remorse for getting the old man out of his home.
A basic sense of wonder (a) to foster their capacity for imagination which can give rise to vision, realizing that reality can be greater and other than it often seems — so that they appreciate that a flat two-dimensional approach to life is not the only option available;(b) to understand that religious faith expresses itself in a variety of forms, many of which are close to the arts, and to realize also that religious language is mostly used in symbolic or metaphorical ways;(c) to appreciate the emotional power of religious commitment and how this can be beneficial or harmful.
Michael Polanyi draws attention to the way in which people can unconsciously share certain basic assumptions or beliefs even if, at a conscious level, they express something else.
The explicit curriculum refers to what is openly expressed as the intention of the school, and to what is actually taught — the content per se which is put across.
Another way of expressing the same idea is that logic is like kicking a ball — it may go in a straight line, but if the direction is wrong it will not help the team to win the game.
These insights are muddled, however, if the little word "only" creeps in to the way in which they are expressed.
The short maxim, "It's all relative" expresses the same exclusivism.
I want to express this point very strongly indeed.
The way he expressed it, quaint to us today, nevertheless neatly points up the dilemma: If one government has a right to require that children be religiously educated, so has another, so have all (whether…in Constantinople Islamism, or Pekin Confucionism…).
Slee expresses it very clearly: They need help in wrestling with the questions of identity, truth and commitment which the contemporary pluralism of beliefs and values poses more sharply than ever before and which are therefore very real and pressing questions for children of the secular century.
This echoes the Schools Council Working Paper 36 which in 1971 expressed the view that RE"must include both the personal search for meaning and the objective study of the phenomena of religion.
It can do so by focusing on five basic questions which are expressed in Figure 4.1.
This is not to be dogmatic about answers, but to encourage pupils to reflect on them, developing increasing knowledge and understanding of how religion is expressed, and learning how to make evaluation which is both personal and yet in touch with public enquiry.
They can be overstimulated by variety, and often it is the teacher's ideas that are expressed and not the pupils'.
All the great religions affirm that at the heart of religion lies Mystery which nothing can adequately express: all religious forms of expression have the character of pointing towards this Mystery, and not describing it.
It may be helpful to visualize the difference between the two approaches by envisaging two circles, the one is given a precise central dot which is clearly defined, the other does not express the centre but has a number of lines on the circumference of the circle which point towards the centre.
The function of religious language, ritual and art form is in fact to try to express the inexpressible as a way towards greater awareness.
The secularist looking on will see the act of his taking the flowers to her grave as symbolic, in the sense of a way of expressing his grief, which is rewarded by an imaginary visit from her.
Here we need to encourage pupils to think and express themselves in vivid ways using word pictures.
The occasional discussion period, in which pupils express their current level of thinking about God, is no substitute for study in depth of how religious people understand "God" , why they do, and whether they are justified in so doing.
Within Eastern traditions this is usually expressed in the language of self-transcendence, annihilating the ego.
The poem reflects on themes such as poverty and death in a way seemingly detached, but yet at considerable depth indicating the writer has really been involved in what she was expressing.
It refers to three radically different kinds of human behaviour and attitudes, one of which expresses ordinary human nature, one the "spiritual" dimension, and one the reverse of both: what may be called the "demonic" , whether that word is understood symbolically or not.
Its relationship with the molecular "vehicles" which express it is a non-reciprocal one: its presence can explain theirs, but they cannot explain it.
Acceptance of mystery — taking it for granted that the spirit is beyond our total comprehension, that this dimension cannot easily be put into words, or expressed adequately in any art form.
Different religions would express this in different ways.
This could help to give substance to what is meant by the spiritual dimension, for both of them lived out the kind of character expressed in the middle column of Table 6.1.
Awareness of the possible truth of paradox is a most helpful way in to appreciating the nature of religious language as it wrestles to express experience.
Such problems in expressing the insight arising out of experience cause some people to ask: Why bother?
Yet authentic conversation and involvement must allow for a full  range of likes and dislikes to be expressed, and also for criticism as well as acknowledgement, but we need to do this in such a way that we do as little damage as possible to other people as people.
The difficulty of expressing what we think adequately in matters concerned with assumptions and beliefs means that it is often easier to say what we do not agree with than what we do.
What is needed are ways of expressing controversy courteously.
As a Russian Orthodox Christian has expressed it: "To speak of God we should be at once poets, musicians and saints" (Bobrinskoy 1986: 7).
The scriptures of the Sikh faith, the Granth, are full of such hymns as this: Saith Nanak: a million weights of paper, written over with learning and devotion, With ink in unending stream, with the motion of wind to scribe Even thus might Thy greatness be not expressed!
The Sufi tradition in particular stresses that only through the use of symbols can any understanding be reached: It is through symbols that one is awakened; it is through symbols that one is transformed; and it is through symbols that one expresses.
Thus if the first purpose of a particular religion is to help people to a sense of the presence of God and express a response to God, then the study of the ritual which helps them towards this goal must constantly draw attention to this significance.
"Yes, I do," says the shepherd, "but the only thing I could do to express my love for Him has been taken away from me."
The need to transcend religion has nowhere been more clearly expressed than within Sikhism.
The one thing they seem to be trying to do now is obfuscation and delay er and I think we ought to voice our concern and I hope the Council will agree to ask the Town Clerk to express concern at the way it's being handled.
I think we should express our concern in the way that it's being handled and I think there are grounds for concern and I think  must be aware that this Council is watching what they're doing.
Erm, is it your wish that we would write expressing our concern and would it be possible for us to erm delegate this to Councillor  and the Town Clerk, with the Chairman of Planning obviously innit?
Second test for functional form and there should read, you know we've logged our data here  logging implies there's a multi picketed relationship between the variable expressed in absolute value, is that the case or is there a linear relationship or some other type of relationship there?
Last year was erm, an additional twenty thousand pounds at the last moment, chickenfeed for the big committees, that's the annoying thing, but what particularly annoys me, and I have to say this, I'll express it  is the knowledge that what can be a phenomenal deprivation to this Committee, goes very, very, very little towards solving the major problems that this county faces, it doesn't have a tremendous impact.
No term is harder to analyse than ‘respectability’ in the mid-nineteenth-century working class, for it expressed simultaneously the penetration of middle-class values and standards, and also the attitudes without which working-class self-respect would have been  difficult to achieve, and a movement of collective struggle impossible to build: sobriety, sacrifice, the postponement of gratification.
They did not express public opinions and were rarely touched by even those organisations, trade unionist, political or otherwise, which bothered to  appeal to them.
Objects express their cost and, at a time when most domestic ones were still produced largely by manual crafts, elaboration was largely an index of cost together with expensive materials.
In the home all these were expressed and concentrated.
At the same time they must express the higher and spiritual aspirations of life through their beauty, unless they represented these aspirations by their very existence, as did books and musical instruments, which remained surprisingly functional in design, apart from fairly minor surface flourishes, or unless they belonged to the realm of pure utility such as kitchenware and luggage.
This duality between solidity and beauty thus expressed a sharp division between the material and the ideal, the bodily and the spiritual, highly typical of the bourgeois world; yet spirit and ideal in it depended on matter, and could be expressed only through matter, or at least through the money which could buy it.
Because its essential expression was money, which merely expresses the relationship of exchange, other forms of expression which demonstrated the domination of persons over persons had to supplement it.
The physicists who felt they had left their successors with little more to do than to clean up a few minor problems expressed the same mood as August Schleicher, who was sure that ancient Aryans had talked exactly the putative language which he had reconstructed for them.
A proportion of H 2 O molecules are always decomposed into hydrogen ions (H +;) and hydroxyl ions (OH-)(a state known as dissociation), the concentration of H +; ions being expressed as pH.
Temperature is another significant factor; this is expressed in the Arrhenius equation which indicates that reaction rates approximately double for each 10° C rise in temperature.
The equilibrium solubility of a mineral represents the extent to which it will dissolve in water; it is usually expressed in ppm (parts per million by volume) or .
This view is expressed diagrammatically in Figure 5.6.
In the years following the publication of the General Theory, doubts started to be expressed about Keynes's favourable attitude towards the classical theory of the demand for labour.
expresses the involuntariness with which firms, no less than workers, must be acting during periods of unemployment…
The annual rate of change of money wages,, is measured along the vertical axis and the unemployment rate, U, expressed as a percentage of the total workforce, is measured along the horizontal axis.
The target unemployment rate, is the outcome of a set of normative political preferences which is expressed with rather spurious precision in the social welfare function .
They sweep aside the qualifications and reservations which monetarists of the old school would occasionally express.
In the early 1970s considerable disquiet started to be expressed with the  implications for economic rationality of mechanical, error learning processes in general and with the adaptive expectations mechanism in particular.
Now the Lucas supply function could be expressed in terms of equation (7.6).
The central bank should abandon attempts to use the money supply to peg interest rates and exchange rates since, if left alone, these rates will ‘naturally’ settle down to their equilibrium values (see Friedman (1968) for a powerfully expressed plea for central banks to desist from trying to peg interest rates).
In the heady days immediately following the Keynesian revolution, many of Keynes's followers began to express concern at the consequences which might flow from a commitment to full employment.
One view expressed by Zweig stresses the loss of independence by historians as their access to information becomes less immediate and their dependence upon archivists and librarians as mediators between the researcher and the source increases (1993).
It is fair to say that during the day and a half of discussions in June 1993 alarm was expressed at the difficulties posed by the future of the historian's resource.
Total Quality Management (TQM) and BS5750 initiatives are formal expressions of a desire to make quality a priority which may also be expressed in a more informal way.
This range of factors all create changes which result in the constant need to rethink and repackage IM principles in the light of current business plan priorities and technical developments and to express them in a way which makes cultural sense within the organisation.
She does not principally want to know what the data signify in themselves but how texts reflect processes of communication, and how and why they were used to organise purposeful action, make valid claims, or to express feelings.
There has been almost no concern expressed, however, about the implications of automated office systems for future research methodologies.
The approach taken is a two stage one: firstly, the identification of those distinctions concerning which there is common agreement; secondly the creation of a uniform encoding system within which those distinctions can be expressed for interchange.
On the contrary, it has proved remarkably difficult to find problems for which a solution could not be expressed in SGML.
The formal definition of these classes in the SGML syntax used to express the TEI scheme makes it possible for users of the scheme to extend it in a simple and controlled way: new elements may be added into existing classes, and existing elements renamed or undefined, without any need for extensive revision of the TEI document type definitions — though this is perhaps a benefit which only those who have ever tried to modify an existing dtd by hand will truly appreciate.
Under the UK Act, the Principles are expressed in very general terms and are therefore not directly enforceable through the courts, but only through the actions of the UK Data Protection Registrar (DPR).
Article 7 requires ‘express consent’ before processing can occur;
Each of us have different ways of trying to express this change.
John Lambert wrote in the Daily Express that Maggie Smith was a ‘rare commodity — a very funny girl whom most men would like to get serious with.
Sunday Express was less equivocal.
The show, said the Sunday Express, ‘is no food for ponderous thought.
The News Chronicle's Alan Dent was convinced that Ken was the show's ‘mainstay’(the Sunday Express said he was the ‘main prop’)‘an impish sprite who does many unaccountable, inscrutable and impish things’.
‘Whatever money can buy this show has set out to buy,’ wrote John Thompson in the Daily Express.
As the Daily Express noted: ‘Much as I disliked this film and its cheap exploitation of suffering and illness, I must concede that it has been made with the dead-on professionalism that is characteristic of the other ‘Carry Ons.’’
What is much more certain is that it was a huge release for him, a safety valve by which the loner could open up, expand and express himself.
Herbert Kretzmer wrote in the Daily Express that he heard a voice call out, ‘Rubbish’— to which he himself responded: ‘Though I find this kind of boorishness both repulsive and depressing I am bound to state that the solitary heckler was probably articulating a mood felt by many.
Michael Thornton noted in the Sunday Express: ‘Kenneth Williams is rather more subdued than usual, which is a pity.
In between, there was Carry On Again, Doctor (‘Kenneth Williams and Sid James excel,’ wrote Richard Barkley in the Sunday Express) and Carry On…
Loving,(Ian Christie wrote about this in the Daily Express, ‘The only difference between this, the twentieth film in the ribald comedy series  and the first instalment is that the key members of the cast are just that much older.’).
WINDSOR, ENGLAND, EXPRESS,
‘Alas,’ said Owen, ‘I feel that the largeness of spirit for which you are famous has expressed itself in the figure you give us.’
I am not expressing myself very well.’
The other powers didn't like it — they wanted Britain to get out of Egypt — but so long as the fiction could be maintained that the British were there at the express request of the Egyptian sovereign, there was not much they could do about it.
‘In that case I can only express my gratitude.
Mahmoud, sitting behind the Chief's desk to better express the awful power of the state, had them brought in.
This is often expressed by talking of ‘eddies of different sizes’.
Moreover, it may be shown that the general correlation, as in Fig. 19.4(a), may be expressed in terms of the longitudinal and lateral correlations of Fig. 19.4(b) and (c).
Then the density of undisturbed fluid at height Δz is  (the suffix a signifying ‘ambient’), which may also be expressed  where N is the Brunt-Väisälä frequency.
The reader should not conclude that experimental fluid mechanics is primarily a matter of ‘look and see’; one always aims to express results as quantitatively as possible.
In either case the aim is to discover what processes and phenomena result from the physical laws governing the dynamics and expressed by the equations.
Such a person is in a serious bind because expressing his anger will drive away or make hostile the very people he is dependent on.
The authors therefore examined the data for explanations as to why some women were more vulnerable than others, or, expressed another way, why some women seemed resilient to, or protected from, or were able to cope with adversity such that they did not develop clinical depression.
The mothers of children admitted into care expressed less warmth and showed less sensitivity in their parenting, and their child control was less effective, than in a comparison group of families.
Disharmony is indicated by open or tacit conflict, expressed hostility, opposition of spontaneously expressed attitudes, and difficulty in reaching agreement.
The bind arises when the  speaker expresses two or more messages which are incompatible, at different levels of communication.
For example, the subject's mother may be verbally expressing affection while her facial expression and movements convey contempt or a lack of concern.
Firstly, the bereaved person needs to accept, express and work through his feelings of sorrow and hostility, and to review his relationship with the deceased.
Firstly, as the research on the course of schizophrenia described in chapter 5 showed, a high level of criticism and overinvolvement expressed by the key close relative in the home increased the likelihood that a person who had previously been treated for schizophrenia would suffer an acute relapse of florid symptoms.
In other words, the value of goods is expressed in terms of prices, and prices are expressed in money terms.
Thus a person's wealth or a company's assets can best be expressed in money terms.
Similarly, a country's national income is expressed in money terms.
Thus despite the fact that the Thatcher government in the early 1980s was committed to a tight control of money supply and set targets for the broad monetary base M0, and despite the fact that the authorities have expressed interest in monetary base control, this has not been the form of policy pursued.
One version of this theory is expressed in the following equation: PQ will thus be the money value of national output sold (i.e. national income, Y).
This power is expressed in extremely wide language: an order can be made ‘if it appears to a local planning authority that it is expedient in the interests of the proper planning of their area (including the interests of amenity)’.
However, certain categories of advertisement can be displayed without ‘express consent’; so long as the local authority takes no action, they are deemed to have received consent.
The content or subject of an advertisement is not relevant, and a local authority cannot refuse express consent on grounds of morality, offensiveness or taste.
Within an area of special control the general rule is that no advertisement may be displayed; such advertisements as are given express consent are considered as exceptions to this general rule.
Development plans (where they exist) are certainly used in development control, but many policies are not covered by the plans, and even when they are, they are typically expressed in general terms requiring interpretation of their meaning and allowing a wide range of discretion.
(Some would have already recovered the development value of the land by selling at a high price; others may never have wished to develop their land, and, indeed, might even have bought it for the express purpose of preventing its development.)
There has been increasing concern expressed in recent years over the amount of unused, vacant, derelict or dormant urban land (a variety of terms is used, typically with little precision).
Expressing job satisfaction as a numerical index…
To the best of my recollection I mentioned their existence as soon as you had expressed dissatisfaction with Northumberland Avenue.
He believes that things are as they seem to Dr Serafin; that he is putting up proposals which are as sound as his judgement and experience can make them, that he is withdrawing them in deference to Serafin's objections, and that he will be forced to formulate alternative proposals which cannot be known to him yet because they will take their rise from views Serafin has still not expressed.
I was listening with half my mind to the essay my pupil was reading and although the ideas he was expressing (about sense-data) were in themselves neither new nor interesting they had set off ideas of my own, as the ideas in undergraduate essays often do — I think of it as one of the uncovenanted benefits of teaching.
‘I prefer this means of transport because I find it consonant with a certain feeling I have about myself — because it expresses a certain style of being that I find congenial — because I find the kinaesthetic sensations it affords, even the physical efforts and nervous tension, somehow involving.’
Jacques's admiration for the composer is further expressed by the numerous musical examples drawn from the music of Lully in his  (Paris, 1719).
Jacques's flute method, compositions and instrument were not only characteristic of the early Baroque flute but elegantly expressed its aesthetic virtually to perfection.
The French theorists' suggestion that minor modes were apt to express sadness, and major, more positive emotions is by no means borne out simplistically.
In tonal terms Montéclair's setting of the legend is a mirror-image of Campra's, for in it Dido's anger is expressed in D minor and in F major, while her sadness at being betrayed takes the form of an imprecation against Venus's power in D major, remarkable for the increasingly elaborate ornamentation written in the score.
As for Morin, although modal shifts quite aptly underscore emotions in some pieces, Circe (book 1) contains two that are gratuitous, the violent passions expressed in Jean-Baptiste Rousseau's poem notwithstanding.
Idomenée (1712) shows that as time passed Campra was more prepared to feature remoter keys when expressing emotional tension: its chilling dénouement, in which Idomenée becomes aware that he has slain his own son, is in B♭ minor, with modulations to D♭ major, G♭ major and E♭ minor.
There is no need to dwell on d'Indy's harshly anti-semitic beliefs, though these are expressed openly in his writings and even in such works as the ‘sacred history’ La legende de Saint Christophe (1908–15).
Such words cover a wide tempo area, and pace Neumann, minuets have the right to express themselves as they see fit!, especially since (2) actual speeds associated with any given set of tempo words also cover a large tempo area.
As far as I am aware, this theory has found very little formal or scholarly expression, although it lies below the surface of much that has been informally expressed by directors of English ensembles and by others, both in conversation and in the various kinds of writing generated by the commercial music business.
A number of them have insistently expressed concern about the improvisatory material that many performers (usually instrumentalists) have interwoven with the music notated in the sources of medieval monophonic song.
He expressed his condolences to Kermit and offered to contribute the labour on a project.
Olsen had called Leeds (Wilko i guess) and expressed his concern about Frank and inquiring why Frank did not make it.
Johnny Giles commentating on the game expressed the view, expressed by someone on the list recently, that he is only a fair weather player.
Miller went on to express his admiration for the depth of Leeds resources, saying ‘They started with 3 internationals in Midfield, then put on another three in the second half!!’
I can understand Leeds fans expressing frustration at the defensive errors going on, especially after Norwich, but the continual barracking Lukic and Newsome got from some can't have helped at all.
Rocastle got a page long interview expressing some puzzlement at Wilko keeping him out of the first team.
One possible solution may be the publication of selected articles/threads (possibly anonymous) with a caption at the end explaining the group/how to subscribe & post/etc and, importantly, a discalimer that any opinions expressed on the group are solely those of the poster and that Leeds United and the group's organizers take no reponsibility for these opinions.
And if they go a goal ahead in Turkey, the home-team are going to kick hell out of them and hopefully side-line most of them until the New Year (and god knows what the crowd will do — have you ever seen Midnight Express?)
Well, CEEFAX says the board agreed it and Batty ‘expressed a willingness to talk to Blackburn’.
In October of that year, while she was teaching in Columbia, South Carolina, she had realised that her work to that point expressed what her teachers or her friends expected it to; and she determined, then, that she should allow it to express what she was feeling.
2 In an effort to achieve this, she began a series of charcoal drawings on inexpensive white paper, which make it clear that what she was feeling could not be expressed with traditional, representational imagery.
Here speaks what women have dimly felt and uncertainly expressed.
Thus, in many post–1923 paintings there is a heightened realism that borders on the photographic, as is evident in the large-format flower paintings she began to making in 1924. 18 By so changing the apparent concerns of her art, O'Keeffe intended to end criticism that centered speculations about the meaning of her imagery around the fact that she was a woman artist expressing emotions that had not visual precedents — which was, of course, the way Stieglitz had promoted her from the beginning.
In a 1922 article in the New York Sun , O'Keeffe had been described as ‘intellectual and introspective,’ but her work had been described quite differently: ‘Certainly the most unusual, and perhaps the most characteristic of Miss O'Keeffe's paintings are those which express simply what she feels — a mood perhaps, or a spiritual experience.
O'Keeffe's delight in even her partial success was expressed by her response to McBride's 1927 review:
As a young child, susan Rothenberg frequented her neighbourhood gallery, the Allbright Knox in Buffalo, New York, leaving with a knowledge that she would someday express herself in charcoal and pencil, gesso and paint.
Before he'd even put the head down after a long flight to Glasgow, Lindi was expressing his confidence about Monday's outcome.
CONTROVERSIAL RELIGIOUS CULT PROBED/AFTER UNIVERSITY GROUPS EXPRESS/FEARS ABOUT RECRUITMENT
Not surprisingly , most sole practitioners appeared to disagree with the question, as against roughly two-thirds of respondents from medium-sized and larger firms who expressed approval.
Concern was expressed both that an initial compliance check would not eliminate the possibility of later default, and that firms with a number of branch offices run largely independently of one another for accounting purposes might present as big a risk of default as sole practices.
Considerable hostility was expressed at the bifurcation of the profession for regulatory purposes into sole practitioners and others which question 2 appeared to be advocating.
Some societies expressed doubts about the cost and efficacy of the proposal, whilst others were ready to endorse its extension to all firms.
Even amongst those who supported restricting the giving of accountants reports to registered auditors, concern was expressed that this might create a monopoly for larger accountancy firms who would then be in a position to charge higher fees.
Touche Ross expressed no objection.
Concern was expressed whether or not it was intended that an undertaking not signed by a principal would be binding.
It was not uncommon for respondents to express their incredulity that any solicitor could give an undertaking the compliance with which lay outside of his or her control.
Similarly, only a very small number of large firms and local law societies expressed dissent.
The Council of Mortgage Lenders, in line with the majority of respondents in the ‘other’ category, supported the maintenance of the status quo as expressed in the question.
Surprise was expressed at the apparent lack of action taken against those who failed to renew their practising certificates or to submit accountant's reports on time.
Not surprisingly, many exporters have expressed their concern at what they consider is the high value of sterling, at its mid-point entry of 2.95 DM, on international competitiveness.
The Commission itself has been examining the feasibility of creating an official forum within the Community's institutions through which the European regional economies can express opinions and make recommendations.
SAFRANE: RENAULT'S SOPHISTICATED ALL-NEW EXECUTIVE EXPRESS
The ratio of the excise duty on spirits to that on wines (expressed on a per degree of alcohol basis) has worsened from 1.65 in 1979 to 1.87 today (see Figure 5.4).
The structure of excise duties can be measured in many different ways but the most transparent is to express excise duties on a per degree of alcohol basis.
While the ratio of the excise duty on spirits to that on beers (expressed on a per degree of alcohol basis) has declined from 3.14 in 1979 to 1.78, the degree of discrimination compared with wines has worsened — from 1.65 in 1979 to 1.87 as of today (see Figure 3.1).
I also hope it will prove helpful to you, as employees, by enabling you to correct some of the misapprehensions commonly expressed about our industry and its products.
The only accurate way to calculate the amount of alcohol consumed is to understand the amount of alcohol in a given drink — expressed as a percentage of alcohol by volume — and to know the size of the serving.
The ability to ‘express an opinion’(based on an evaluation of an issue/topic/ practice etc.) is a requirement in each of the Short Courses.
While it is understood that the pupil will acknowledge the Church's viewpoint, it is recognised that he/she may express a personal opinion which differs from, and/or is critical of, the Church's teaching/practice.
Much interest was expressed from personnel across the system in the work in which I had been involved over the last eleven years with Queensland Catholic Education.
In the Catholic school context one of the principle tasks of the teacher is to help pupils know, understand and appreciate the spiritual and religious dimension of life as expressed in the Catholic faith tradition.
This is a significant area of importance in the Catholic school and has been clearly expressed in several documents but attention is drawn to Position Paper 4 (Catholic Education Commission).
This shows clearly the weighting for individual assignments as approved by the moderators, names of students taking the area of study, student registration numbers, marks gained by students for each assignment and total marks achieved by each student expressed as a percentage mark.
But the Hodgkin Quadrangle has added a handsome and valuable array of buildings to the college stock, and this report ends by expressing gratitude to those who have helped raise money for it, and by looking forward to the celebrations to mark its completion in the late spring of 1991.
Majorie gained B.Litt in 1948 and D.Phil in 1976, and expresses gratitude to Somerville for enabling her to return to Oxford to work for this.
Candidates may express a preference between the posts.
We therefore write the system Hamiltonian as where is the unperturbed (dark) atomic Hamiltonian, expressed in its own basis set n>, with corresponding energy{maths}.
Next we restrict ourselves to harmonic (optical) fields E(t), with angular frequency w: Assuming, for definiteness, that the atom is initially in state 1, and expressing its subsequent evolution as then standard application of time-dependent perturbation theory gives, to lowest order Clearly the largest excitation will occur in cases where hw is resonant  with an atomic energy spacing{maths}.
In (7.2d) equals (), the term recognises that a changing phase of the field is equivalent to a frequency shift, and kv expresses the Doppler shift of the field frequency on transformation into the atomic rest frame.
Note that the cavity feedback involves a finite time delay, of order in certain circumstances this enables the Maxwell-Bloch equations (required to relate E (L, t + L/c) to E (0, t)) plus cavity boundary conditions, to be expressed as a discrete mapping in steps of tR — this has been extensively studied in the context of passive resonators, and will be elaborated below.
Or symbolically, if we let $ be the set of sentences in language L, C the set of possible contexts, P the set of propositions, and U the cartesian product of S x C — i.e. the set of possible combinations of members of S with members of C, and we let the corresponding lower case letters stand for elements or members of each of those sets (i.e. s e S, c e C, p e P, u e U):(16) f(u) =p (or:f (s, c) = p) i.e. f is a function that assigns to utterances the propositions that express their full meaning in context Gazdar (1979a: 4-5), on the other hand, wishes to capture the ways in which utterances change the context in which they are uttered; he shows that Katz's formulation is incompatible with that goal, and therefore suggests instead:(17) f(u) c (or:f (s, c) c) i.e. f is a function from utterances to contexts, namely the contexts brought about by each utterance (or: f assigns to each sentence plus the context prior to its utterance, a second context caused by its utterance) The idea here is that the shift from the context prior to an utterance to the context post utterance itself constitutes the communicational content of the utterance.
We would note that many languages have, in addition to the three basic sentence-types mentioned above, others that appear to be similarly circumscribed in use: exclamatives that are used paradigmatically to express surprise, imprecatives to curse, optatives to express a wish, and so on(again, see Sadock & Zwicky, in press).
For example, although we do not have in English the grammaticalization of the levels of respect that exist in Javanese, we do have means of expressing degrees of respect, largely by choices in the use of expressions: thus (31) would generally be a more polite request than (30):(30) I want to see you for a moment (31) I wondered if I could possibly see you for a moment So by taking at first just the grammaticalized or encoded features of context in the world's languages, we would have both something like a "discovery procedure" for relevant functions of language, and a constraint on the relatively vacuous theorizing that often attends speculation about the "functions of speech" .
Then one way in which we can accommodate context-relativity is to say that the proposition expressed by a sentence in a context is a function from possible worlds and that context to truth values.
Sentences can therefore express different propositions on different occasions of use.
On this view pragmatics (at least in part) is about how, given a sentence uttered in a context, that context plays a role in specifying what proposition the sentence expresses on this occasion of utterance.
What this approach makes especially clear is that while we might want to say that the meaning of (17) remains constant across different occasions of utterance, the proposition that it expresses if Joe Bloggs utters it is different from the one it picks out if Sue Bloggs utters it.
It also makes clear that sentences in the abstract do not in general express definite propositions at all; it is only utterances of them in specific contexts that express specific states of affairs, where the contexts achieve this by filling in the pragmatic parameters that indexicals are variables for.
The relational variety is the most important, and the relations that typically get expressed are those between:(i) speaker and referent (e.g. referent honorifics)(ii) speaker and addressee (e.g. addressee honorifics)(iii) speaker and bystander (e.g. bystander or audience honorifics)(iv) speaker and setting (e.g. formality levels) We can talk of honorifics just where the relation in (i) -(iii) concerns relative rank or respect; but there are many other qualities of relationship that may be grammaticalized, e.g. kinship relations, totemic relations, clan membership, etc., as made available by the relevant social system.
It is a version of truth-conditional semantics, though, in which not sentences, but only utterances in context, can be assigned the propositions they express.
A second important contribution made by the notion of implicature is that it provides some explicit account of how it is possible to mean (in some general sense) more than what is actually "said" (i.e. more than what is literally expressed by the conventional sense of the linguistic expressions uttered).
Clearly the whole point of the exchange, namely a request for specific information and an attempt to provide as much of that information as possible, is not directly expressed in (2) at all; so the gap between what is literally said in (2) and what is conveyed in (3) is so substantial that we cannot expect a semantic theory to provide more than a small part of an account of how we communicate using language.
If as we indicated, Grice's theory of meaning-nn is construed as a theory of communication, it has the interesting consequence that it gives an account of how communication might be achieved in the absence of any conventional means for expressing the intended message.
Grice identifies as guidelines of this sort four basic maxims of conversation or general principles underlying the efficient cooperative use of language, which jointly express a general Co-operative principle.
These principles are expressed as follows:(13) The co-operative principle make your contribution such as is required, at the stage at which it occurs, by the accepted purpose or direction of the talk exchange in which you are engaged (14) The maxim of Quality try to make your contribution one that is true, specifically:(i) do not say what you believe to be false (ii) do not say that for which you lack adequate evidence (15) The maxim of Quantity (i) make your contribution as informative as is required for the current purposes of the exchange (ii) do not make your contribution more informative than is required  (16) The maxim of Relevance make your contributions relevant (17) The maxim of Manner be perspicuous, and specifically:(i) avoid obscurity (ii) avoid ambiguity (iii) be brief (iv) be orderly In short, these maxims specify what participants have to do in order to converse in a maximally efficient, rational, co-operative way: they should speak sincerely, relevantly and clearly, while providing sufficient information.
For example, if I say (34) I express a categorial falsehood (i.e. a semantic category, or selectional, violation).
All of these mosaics appear to be of the fourth century, or the very late third,(Smith favours a date before 300 for the mosaic from Newton St. Loe: Smith 1969, 101; although some doubts have been expressed recently: Smith 1983, 326).
Wind power advocates have expressed concern that its potential has been neglected in the initial list of renewable energy projects covered by the first Non-Fossil Fuel Obligation.
The government, whilst expressing concern about the risks to the UN International Maritime Organisation, have said that tankers cannot be banned from the area as captains must have the option of using the route in rough seas.
Tony French, of University College London, expressed concern that, if present trends continue, there is a danger that the shrinking Aral Sea will have virtually disappeared by the end of the century.
The Radioactive Waste Management Advisory Committee report expresses concern that the safety case will be based on information derived from only two boreholes at each site.
Similar sentiments were expressed by NASA scientists.
Three out of four home owners expressed concern about the greenhouse effect.
Several delegations, including that from Britain, expressed disappointment at the slowness of the progress.
The Secretary also expressed a keen interest in developing large areas of derelict land in the area known as the East Thames Corridor, to the east of London.
The Navajo expressed their concern at Hanson's annual general meeting in London in January; they are now taking Hanson to the UN Human Rights Commission, with the assistance of Survival International.
The plan has provoked a fierce debate within France, with President Mitterrand's wife, Danielle, leading the protest, and Environment Minister Brice Lalonde expressing concern over the bears' fate.
Some environmentalists have expressed concern that using old mines as waste dumps could be both dangerous and expensive.
Richard Kimberlin, a member of the Tyrrell committee which advised the government on BSE, has expressed concern that the new evidence may mean that the disease will never be eradicated.
Chemical industry representatives have expressed concern that a European Commission paper has not, however, addressed the issues raised by the use of developing biological techniques for use in the agro-chemical, pharmaceutical and food industries.
UK Agriculture and Fisheries Minister, John Gummer expressed outrage over the feast, claiming that "the world knows perfectly well that whalers have attacked stocks almost to extinction" .
The secretary of the National Federation of Fisherman's Organisations, Barry Deas, expressed surprise at the findings.
The proponents of the scheme — Nuclear Free Scotland — which co-ordinates nuclear policy for the majority of Scottish councils — has expressed frustration with the delay in the provision of pollution data by British authorities.
It expressed particular concern over the welfare of fishermen and native American Indians, who depend on the Prince William Sound for their welfare.
Many participants at the conference expressed the fear that pressure for rapid economic transformation in Eastern Europe would tempt governments to ignore environmental problems, already severe because of years of neglect by the previous communist regimes and the use of obsolete technology.
Delegates also expressed concern that western companies would try to take advantage of lax legislation in East European countries and the weakness of local enforcement agencies to use or sell environmentally damaging technologies which are banned in Western Europe and North America.
Delegates expressed the hope that the environmental damage caused during the Gulf War — in particular Iraq's release of oil slicks and the firing of Kuwaiti oil wells and the UN coalition's bombing of nuclear, chemical and biological warfare facilities — would focus governments' attention on the need to deal with the environmental dimension of modern warfare and to outlaw environmentally damaging actions not directly related to war arms.
The Forestry Commission expressed the hope that the study would generate wide debate but stressed that it had no competence to formulate overall forestry policy, which was a matter for the government.
Conservation groups have expressed serious reservations about ambitious proposals, being considered by the Department of the Environment, to create a "linear city" of new towns along both sides of the Thames east of London.
He expressed the hope that the two measures, which had been decided after extensive consultation, would stop the destruction of hedgerows and would satisfy all concerned parties.
Doubts have also been expressed about the safety of the site [see ED48].
Environmentalists have expressed concerned about the concept of a money-based "right to pollute" .
Compiled by the International Joint Commission, a specialist body established to monitor the Lakes, the report expresses particular concern about the dangers of cumulative exposure to PCBs among children.
Environmentalists, who have long campaigned for a single agency, have expressed their concern that the plans for the reform of the Inspectorate amount to little more than political opportunism and will have little real impact.
The "Green Con" judges also expressed concern over the number of products which carried "official-looking" environmental logos.
Now Uganda, Tanzania and Gambia have expressed an interest in collaborating with Gansu in the joint production of solar equipment.
The report expressed grave concern over the lack of training and the low salaries of the technicians at the plants, and of the failure to make adequate safety improvements after the Chernobyl disaster.
He tried to export the birds to several countries, and has been allowed to import them by the British despite strong reservations from the Spanish authorities and concern expressed by conservationists.
The IWT, which is an independent body with no powers to enforce its decisions, expressed particular concern over the welfare of the native Americans who live in the region, notably 10,000 Cree and 6,000 Inuit.
Climatologists express fear over global warming
Several environmental groups have expressed doubts.
Fears are being expressed from various quarters that the Earth Summit to be held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in June may be dominated by confrontations between the industrialized countries of the North and the developing countries of the South.
Russian scientists are expressing concern that the Black and Azov seas are facing ecological catastrophe as a result of pollution and oil spills.
The meeting was hosted by Japan's ex-Prime Minister, Noboru Takeshita, who expressed the hope that this would "demonstrate Japan's intention to play an active role in solving global environmental problems" .
Addressing the opening meeting of the UN Brundtland Commission, the Prince expressed his concern that politicians' obsession with short-term gain would sacrifice the survival of future generations if the UNCED summit ended in failure.
He expressed disappointment that some Catholic countries were unwilling to discuss population at UNCED.
Environmentalists have expressed disappointment at the lack of green measures in the Queen's Speech to the opening of Parliament — the traditional means of outlining the new government's legislative programme.
[India had originally expressed reluctance to sign — see ED 51].
Opinion was divided as to the extent to which the conference could be termed a success: many environmental campaigners expressed varying degrees of disappointment and anger at what they saw as its failure to set binding targets for resolving environmental problems, and to address adequately the links between third world poverty and environmental degradation.
There was some concern expressed at the steps taken by the Brazilian authorities to "clean up" Rio for the summit.
Expressing its disappointment with the decisions of the official summit, the Global Forum drew up a set of alternative treaties designed as "working documents for a post-summit era" .
Anti-roads campaigners expressed bitter disappointment at the failure to proceed with the Twyford Down and M11 cases.
Other IWC members expressed "deep concern" at the unilateral nature of the decision, warning that it undermined the Commission's efforts to agree on the details of the RMP.
Opposition to the proposal was expressed not only by the main whaling countries, led by Japan, but also by four small Caribbean states — St Kitts, St Lucia, St Vincent and Dominica.
Delegates also expressed concern over the success of the anti-fur trade campaign, which had effectively shut down many of the markets for one of the Inuits' principal exports.
The German Environment Minister, Klaus Töpfer, expressed disappointment at France's action, arguing that it was an unnecessarily abrupt response.
The tribe's National Council has expressed strong opposition to the activity, and in particular to the cyanide heap-leaching process used at the mine.
Speaking on the eve of an international conference in London, the heads of the Russian and Ukrainian nuclear-power companies expressed their exasperation with the lack of financial help from Western countries to improve the safety of their nuclear facilities.
At the time the Indonesian and South African governments banned the plutonium shipments from their territorial waters on safety grounds, and other countries in Latin America and the Pacific have made similar announcements or expressed serious concern.
Environmentalists have also expressed concern at reports of massive fish deaths in the region, which local people blame on use of herbicides and pesticides in the plantations.
Friends of the Earth describe the document as "a typical piece of political fudging" , pointing out that both the World Bank and the International Tropical Timber Organization have expressed grave concern over the rapid pace of deforestation in Malaysia.
Within the government, local officials of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources have expressed misgivings over the fact that permission was granted at senior level despite the findings of environmental impact assessments which concurred with the environmentalists' fears.
While environmental groups have over the years been highly critical of pollution caused by coal-fired power stations, in particular the levels of emissions of sulphur dioxide and other gases that cause acid rain, neither Friends of the Earth nor Greenpeace nor other groups has expressed support for the scaling down of the coal industry along the lines proposed by the government.
The European Commission has expressed its deep concern over the decision by the Ukrainian authorities to reopen temporarily one of the three nuclear reactors at Chernobyl [see ED 63], the site of the world's worst nuclear accident in 1986.
Conservationists have expressed concern over the future of Britain's peatlands because a deal aimed at preserving them agreed in January 1992 [see ED 55]has still not been signed and could be abandoned.
Growing concern is being expressed about an upsurge in tiger poaching, fuelled by increased demand for tiger bones in the medicinal markets of China, Taiwan and Japan [see ED 61].
Payne also expresses concern about the lack of research about the effects of organo-halogens on humans; abnormally high concentrations have been found to cause learning deficiencies.
She expresses particular concern about the breeding of animals solely for experimental use, including animals with genetic alterations.
The group expresses support for the introduction of a levy on electricity consumers to finance renewable-energy projects.
The independent Nuclear Installations Inspectorate (NII) has expressed serious concern that there appeared to be no "lines of defence" left after the failure of the instruments, and has insisted on the installation of new equipment and a new system of alarms.
Environmentalists are expressing doubts about the benefits of using fuel based on oilseed rape in public transport, as in a recent experiment in the UK [see ED 63].
It expresses particular concern about the fact that 10 per cent of England's salty lagoons are projected to be lost over the next 20 years: "Their rarity, both in England and on a European scale, is such that their conservation is of the highest importance."
The Joint Nature Conservation Committee (JNCC), the body representing English Nature, Scottish Nature and the Countryside Commission for Wales, is reported to have expressed its concern that many of its environmental recommendations on granting exploration licences have been ignored.
Local people also expressed concern over the health risks posed by the oil-dispersing sprays, which were being carried inland by the wind.
Friends of the Earth, also opposed to nuclear power, wants to see coal mines saved because of concern about the fate of mining communities, an issue on which Greenpeace does not express a view, preferring to stick to environmental issues.
The committee expressed concern over loss of public access as Forestry Commission woodland was sold off, and said that as a first step, all existing rights of way should be maintained.
Manufacturers in the US, Australia and China are said to have expressed interest.
Both the Labour Party and the Royal Institution expressed disappointment that a firmer decision had not emerged.
A report by the National Food Alliance (NFA) expresses concern about the disproportionate influence of the food industry on the Codex Alimentarius commission, the UN body that makes recommendations to governments on issues such as food safety, quality and labelling.
The Bulgarian authorities have expressed concern over the Greek Electrical Company's programme to dam the River Mesta.
Concerns are also being expressed about the impact of measures taken to contain the accident, including the security of the concrete sarcophagus built around the core.
The Armenian government has announced plans to reopen its sole nuclear power plant in an effort to overcome a mounting energy crisis, despite safety fears expressed by scientists and environmentalists.
Campaigners have expressed fears that the government will attempt to push the road through before the proceedings come to court.
Germany's EC partners are expressing concern over the impact of its strict recycling laws [see above]on their own nascent recycling industries.
Particular concern was expressed about animal welfare and the chance that "runaway" genes could cross into other animals and plants.
Nine members (i) criticized the government for its inadequate and inconsistent policies on genetic engineering and for giving higher priority to economic considerations than to animal welfare,(ii) criticized scientists for lacking clear research goals, and (iii) expressed deep anxiety about the human genome project, fearing that it might increase opportunities for eugenics.
Barnier also expressed confidence in the future of renewable energy sources, especially solar power.
Major battery manufacturers immediately expressed concern, arguing that only specially-designed nickel-cadmium batteries were suitable for recharging, and that ordinary alkaline or zinc chloride batteries might explode if subjected to it.
Writing in the scientific journal Nature, researchers from the University of Victoria, British Columbia, insisted that it was "difficult to express the importance" of their findings, and added that there were no obvious explanations as to why the climate had remained "strangely stable" recently.
Former EC environment commissioner Carlo Ripa di Meana has expressed his support for opponents of the extension of the M3 through Twyford Down in Hampshire, saying the road project was a "brutal and unneeded monster" .
Government officials committed themselves to ensuring that there would be no net loss of US wetlands and expressed the hope that the proposals would end the stalemate between environmentalist and business groups on the wetlands issue.
Road transport bodies expressed disappointment, saying the government's action was a "halfway house" .
Most concern was expressed over the position of seed-eaters.
Can I express thanks to the president for taking this meeting  it's been  very interesting.
The letter I saw which alerted er, users and their carers about these items on the agenda, seem to be an indication for them to, to express their opinions back through the Social Services Department, now if that's consultation, then the process has started.
So while we have to discharge our responsibilities and, and, and show how these targets are achievable, we also are quite right to indicate our feelings about in, in, in the manner the Director's er, expressed.
Any members there want to express any thoughts on the matter?
You're only expressing a personal opinion Councillor ?
Yes, okay, could we ask Mr Chairman, on this particular thing on this arson business in  one thing that we did express concern of were a number of years that are invariably are started we've called in to do the research into this and the investigation, so ar does this add now the fact that you're more sophisticated, does it now mean that your having more staff er, devoted to this, because this was a question that whether we should do it, or whether the police should be doing it?
The   sadness and this is this subject was forecast a year and a half ago er that we are phasing in i in large management and land  and it was raised, we had that seminar but before that there were also erm worries expressed before this predicament.
Erm  I mean I was just finding myself expressing the views that er  given the dramatic change in the composition  of the County Council since the election, I would have thought something as major as the East Grinstead by-pass would need to be considered by the new council anyway  and er I think it would be  perhaps er assuming too much er to believe that the present council would follow the line of the previous council that's only er a personal expression.
If I may come back Mr Chairman an and er express a view on behalf of Darcy .
Very quickly I, I think the sentiments expressed I, I agree with.
We were looking for a precise way to express what we mean when we refer to something as complicated.
The designer of the police radar speed-meter understood the theory of the Doppler Effect, and expressed this understanding in mathematical equations, explicitly written out on paper.
Hopes are still expressed that old manufacturing industries will re-employ all those previously made redundant as soon as the economic recession is over.
The British Government has expressed a commitment to reducing the fuel consumption of organisations and institutions occupying non-domestic premises.
This is expressed in his use of constant surveillance and in his drive to eliminate waste and distractions.
It models precisely the position of alienation vis-a-vis design and society felt  on the one hand by designers — who in general express profound unease at even thinking about the social sphere — and who embody this alienation in the very fabric of design practice (mass housing is the obvious example)— and on the other by society in general which remains both deeply suspicious of designers and their possible beneficial work and, paradoxically, deeply uncertain about objects — or, more precisely, about the significance of their form.
"Your aunt has also expressed a wish that various of her friends should have some personal memento of her which they can choose from her jewellery, her books or the Chinese room.
"Jenny likes expressing herself on paper but she  hasn't so far, mentioned the date of her return."
The same interval, extended by an octave into a minor ninth, later expresses the couple's quest for a peace beyond the agony of the present ( "Your voice out of the pain…" )
Nor perhaps need one dwell on the powerful thematic use of the expanded, minor-ninth version of the idea, especially as it expresses Grimes's insatiable yearning for "haven" , for acceptance and respect — a yearning so intimately bound up with his personal tragedy because, to most of us, these things seem comparatively within reach (whether we desire them or not) but are patently and without qualification beyond Peter's grasp:[8,10,17].
Expressed as a percentage of the gross national product (GNP), total taxes in Britain in 1978 accounted for 39% of the GNP.
A slightly different relationship emerges when only direct taxes are expressed as a proportion of the GNP.
In Butler and Stokes' survey, of children whose parents had both been Conservative, 89% expressed a first preference for the Conservative party.
Newspapers can and do express partisan preferences.
When government authority has been challenged citizens have expressed themselves in favor of maintaining that authority.
In Almond and verba's survey, more Britons expressed pride in their governmental and political institutions than in any other feature of the nation that was mentioned.
In stark contrast, only 7% of Germans expressed pride in their governmental and political institutions, and the figure for Italians was 3%.
The Anglo-American perception was well expressed by Edmund Burke in 1775.
Although the Bill of Rights was important for enumerating various "Liberties of this Kingdom" (Some of which were to be similarly expressed during the following century in the Bill of Rights of the United States Constitution), its essential purpose was to assert the position of Parliament in relation to the Crown.
Expressed in purely formal terms (Table 4.1) there is very little similarity between them.
there are certain principles that are clearly at the heart of the Constitution, parliamentary sovereignty being the prime example, but there are many provisions, be they expressed through statute law or the writings of constitutional experts, that are of constitutional significance but on which there is no clear agreement that they form part of the British Constitution.
Further analysis of their data and of additional data for the period from 1970 to 1975 showed that, though the vote for the two main parties had declined in the 1960s, major party identification had not: in other words, electors — whatever they may have done in the polling booths — continued to express a sense of affiliation with one of the two main parties.
The concept goes back at least as far as 1877 when Jessel MR stated in Winn v Bull [1877]7 Ch 29 that "where you have a proposal or agreement made in writing expressed to be subject to a formal contract being prepared, it means what it says; it is subject to and is dependent upon a formal contract being prepared."
Disputes that arise when a sale is not completed often centre around allegations by the vendor that it has incurred costs such as commissioning an accountant's report on the express understanding that the purchaser would reimburse the cost if the transaction failed.
The purchaser will incorporate an express right of set-off in the sale agreement.
Furthermore, any act which falls within the express or implied powers of the vendor contained in its memorandum of association, whether or not a breach of duty on the part of the vendor's directors, will be binding on the vendor if it is approved or subsequently ratified by the shareholders.
Furthermore, in the absence of express warranties, the common law rule of caveat emptor(buyer beware) will apply.
This is less important than in a share sale where the difficulty of the purchaser, without an express damage statement, is to show that the shares are worth less than the purchaser paid for them, as a reduction in the assets or increase in the liabilities does not necessarily reduce the price of the shares.
In the absence of an express statement, it is uncertain whether the purchaser's prior knowledge is a defence available to the vendor.
It is in everyone's interest that the sale agreement contains an express statement as to whether prior knowledge is a defence or whether prior knowledge will not prejudice the purchaser's ability to claim for breach of warranty if the material fact is not disclosed in the disclosure letter (see clause 13.4 of the standard sale agreementAppendix III).
In the absence  of an express agreement, under the Civil Liability (Contribution) Act 1978 the court will apportion the contributions between the vendors in such a manner as it considers to be just and equitable.
Such consent need not be expressed but can be implied by conduct depending upon the circumstances (see Bilbrough v Holmes [1876]5 Ch D 255).
Assignment by statute is governed by the Law of Property Act 1925, s136 which provides that: Any absolute assignment by writing under the hand of the assignor (not purporting to be by way of charge only) of any debt or other legal thing in action, of which express notice in writing has been given to the debtor, trustee or other person from the assignor would have been entitled to claim such debt or thing in action, is effectual in law (subject to equities having priority over the right of the assignee) to pass and transfer from the date of such notice:(a) the legal right to such debt or thing in action;(b) all legal and other remedies for the same; and (c) the power to give a good discharge for the same without the concurrence of the assignor.
An express prohibition on assignment does not in itself render the contract personal.
If the contract is not personal but contains an express prohibition on assignment, such prohibition will only prevent an assignment of the benefit if on its wording it is clear and precise.
If there is an express prohibition on assigning the benefit it is important to distinguish between the benefit of the contract, namely the right of each party to have a contract performed in accordance with its terms, and the benefits which arise under the contract, namely those rights which arise incidentally from the performance of the contract and are sometimes known as the fruits of performance such as the right to claim for damages under the contract.
Consent will be needed where there is a clear express prohibition in a relevant contract or where that contract is "personal" .
The purchaser should reserve the express right to pay the creditors directly out of the retention on behalf of the vendor.
Any dismissal (either express or constructive) which is in connection with a sale governed by the Transfer Regulations is, as a result of reg 8(1) of the Transfer Regulations, automatically presumed to be an unfair dismissal.
It is likely that innocent partners have the implied right to be indemnified by the tortfeasor in respect of any liability which attaches to them under this section, though this would be subject to any express agreement to the contrary.
(3) A retiring partner may be discharged from any existing liabilities, by an agreement to that effect between himself and the members of the firm as newly constituted and the creditors, and this agreement may be either express or inferred as a fact from the course of dealing between the creditors and the firm as newly constituted.
A solicitor in receipt of directors' fees from his family company, however, would be under no duty to account to his co-partners in the absence of express agreement to that effect.
Thus s27 of the Partnership Act states:(1) Where a partnership entered into for a fixed term is continued after the term has expired, and without any express new agreement, the rights and duties of the partners remain the same as they were at the expiration of the term, so far as is consistent with the incidents of a partnership at will.
Such agreement may be express, and contained in a separate instrument of variation or in a written minute of the decision taken, or it may be implied from the conduct of the partners.
This principle is given statutory effect in s19 of the Partnership Act: The mutual rights and duties of partners, whether ascertained by agreement or defined by this Act, may be varied by the consent of all the partners, and such consent may be either express or inferred from a course of dealing.
Section 20 will come into operation in the absence of express agreement or other clear evidence of the intention of the partners.
Section 24 lays down the basic default rules as to the interests and duties of partners subject to their special agreements: The interests of partners in the partnership property and their rights and duties in relation to the partnership shall be determined, subject to any agreement express or implied between the partners, by the following rules:(1) All the partners are entitled to share equally in the capital and profits of the business, and must contribute equally towards the losses whether of capital or otherwise sustained by the firm.
Sections 25 and 26 deal with the expulsion and retirement of partners as follows: s25 No majority of the partners can expel any partner unless a power to do so has been conferred by express agreement between the partners.
Equally most firms will want to make express provision for the retirement of their partners, though that need not involve compulsory retirement on attaining a specified age.
(Clause 7.01) A statement of the initial capital of the firm preferably expressed in monetary terms (for which purpose, agreed values should be entered in the firm's books in respect of any non-monetary contributions).
More fashionably, this may be expressed in terms of "capital points" which may facilitate mental calculation of the agreed ratio at any given time but otherwise add nothing to the traditional method.
Drawings from a properly maintained capital account are not permissible without the consent of the partners and a partnership agreement will ordinarily not make any express provision in this regard.
The ratio may be simply expressed as a percentage or fraction of the firm's profits or as "income points" ; it may involve preferential salaries; it may vary as the firm's profits fall within certain predetermined bands; it may be subject to reduction if specified targets are missed; it may contain a discretionary element to be awarded by way of performance bonuses.
The partnership agreement should contain express mention of the following matters: 1.
In the case of a freehold this requires a straightforward declaration of trust for the benefit of the partners for the time being of the firm and, possibly, express provision for the retirement of a trustee on his ceasing to be a partner.
(a) Retirement and expulsion As explained in earlier chapters of this book, where no express provision is contained in a partnership agreement or satisfactory arrangements cannot be agreed to meet the particular circumstances of the partner concerned, the Partnership Act only offers dissolution as the answer to what to do with a partner whose continued presence in the firm is unwanted by his co-partners.
(f) Indemnity Whilst it might readily be implied that where one partner's breach of some provision in the partnership agreement leads to liability attaching to his co-partners the latter should have the right to an indemnity from their colleague, the better practice is to make that right express (Clause 16.02) in the partnership agreement.
As noted in Chapter 3, there is no inherent power for partners to rid themselves of an unwanted colleague short of seeking a dissolution unless their partnership agreement contains express provision.
To that general principle, however, there would seem to be a number of exceptions where the court will not simply accept the verdict of the solicitors as expressed in their own agreement.
The object sought to be achieved in construing any commercial contract is to ascertain what the mutual intentions of the parties were as to the legal obligations each assumed by the contractual words in which they chose to express them (Pioneer Shipping Ltd v BTP Tioxide Ltd [1981]2 All ER 1030).
The parties cannot, however, by an express statement of intention alter the legal consequences of their bargain.
Thus an express term that a transaction is not intended to be a lease but is intended to be a licence will not be given effect (Street v Mountford [1985]AC 809).
If the parties wish to give an ordinary word some special meaning, an express definition clause should be included.
The draftsman must, therefore, express himself consistently throughout the lease, for a word used in one part of the lease will probably be construed as having the same meaning if used in another part of the same document.
However, there is no room for the implication of the covenant in a demise if the landlord enters into an express covenant for quiet enjoyment (and gives no covenant for title).
The reason for this is that an express covenant as to one branch of the covenant implied by the word "demise" excludes the other branch on the principle that expressio unius est exclusio alterius (the expression of one thing is the exclusion of another)(Miller v Emcer Products Ltd [1956]Ch  304).
(b) Express terms negative implied terms An express term in a lease generally excludes the possibility of the implication of a term dealing with the same subject matter as the implied term.
A term created by a lease must be expressed either with certainty and specifically or by reference to something that can at the time the lease takes effect be looked to as a certain ascertainment of what the term is meant to be (Lace v Chantler [1944]KB 368: lease "for the duration of the war" was void for uncertainty).
If the draftsman wishes to create a lease for a period that cannot be made certain at the time of the demise the only way is to express it as being granted for a fixed term subject to a power to break at the expiry of the period.
Similarly, an instrument that is expressed to be "supplemental" to a previous instrument is construed as if the supplemental instrument contained a full recital of the previous instrument (Law of Property Act 1925, s58).
If the precise boundaries of the demised property are of importance (as where the tenant covenants to keep "the demised property" in repair) the draftsman should make express provision for horizontal divisions.
In such a case the tenant's adviser should insist on an express covenant by the landlord to keep the road in repair and the grant of an express easement to the tenant to use the road.
If the right of way is in terms a right to use it with vehicles it will be difficult, in the absence of express words, to show that it is restricted to a particular type or size of vehicle (ibid).
In many cases, therefore, the draftsmen should take express instructions on the capacity of the road.
These implied ancillary rights may be excluded by agreement; but the tenant's adviser should not agree to their exclusion unless the tenant has access to delimited loading bays and an express right to load and unload.
Nevertheless, it is good practice to grant the tenant express rights of access over the common parts of the building.
In the absence of express provision certain duties are imposed on the landlord at common law and by statute.
Example 2:13 Right to display advertisement permitted by regulations The right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the Town and Country Planning (Control of Advertisements) Regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof Example 2:14 Right to display advertisement in prescribed form The right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord
In the absence of an express obligation, the landlord will have no duty to keep in repair any pipe or drain through which the tenant discharges soil or water, even if the pipe or drain is retained in the possession of the landlord (Westminster (Duke) v Guild [1984]3 All ER 144).
If so, this should be covered by the grant of an express right.
But where the landlord has no such obligations, then in the absence of an express right he is not entitled to enter the demised property in order to carry out repairs even where the tenant has failed to repair and is in breach of covenant (Regional Properties Ltd v City of London Real Property Co Ltd (1980) 257 EG 64).
It is, therefore, quite possible that the tenant is still in occupation of the demised property two or more years after his tenancy was expressed to expire.
Where the landlord is the owner of other property adjoining the demised property, or where the demised property is part only of a building, the date on which the tenancy is expressed to expire may be of importance.
On the one hand, if the landlord has redevelopment plans or if a higher rent could be achieved on a reletting of a greater part of the building, it will be in the landlord's interest to ensure that all tenancies are expressed to expire on the same date.
Example 3:1 Limitation on liability of original tenant (1) in this clause "the original tenant" means the said…only and this clause applies to any period after the term hereby granted ceases to be vested in the original tenant (2) if and so often as the tenant fails to pay the rent or any other sum properly due under this lease or commits any breach of covenant known to the landlord then the landlord shall forthwith notify the original tenant of that fact (3) the landlord shall not be entitled to recover from the original tenant any arrears of rent or other sums payable under this lease where the rent or other sums claimed became due earlier than three months before the original tenant was notified under sub-clause (2) above (4) the original tenant shall not be liable for any arrears of rent or other sum falling due after the date upon which this lease is expressed to expire or any breach of covenant committed after that date Example 3:2 Limitation on liability of tenant (1) In this clause (a) "the original tenant" means only (b) "the original assignee" means a person to whom the original tenant lawfully assigns this lease (2) upon a lawful assignment of this lease by the original tenant the original tenant  (a) shall be released from further personal liability for any breach of any of the tenant's obligations under this lease occurring after the date of the assignment but (b) shall guarantee performance by the original assignee of those obligations until the expiry or other determination of the term or (if sooner) a lawful assignment of this lease by the original assignee Example 3:3 Restriction on landlord's ability to sue original tenant at any time after the lawful assignment of this lease by [name of original tenant]the landlord shall not be entitled to enforce against him the tenant's obligations under this lease unless the landlord shall have first (1) recovered judgment against all other persons against whom the landlord is or has become entitled to enforce those obligations either as principal or surety and (2) attempted to levy excution upon such judgment and upon payment by [name of original tenant]of any sum due under such judgment the landlord shall assign to him the benefit of it Example 3:4 Definition clause making tenant liable for rent during holding over period "the term" includes not only the term expressed to be granted by this lease but also any period after the date on which the term is expressed to expire during which the tenancy continues under the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 Example 3:5 Clause making the tenant liable to pay rent and interim rent promptly to pay the rent reserved by this lease without any deduction or set-off and any rent substituted for it either as a result of a rent review under this lease or the agreement or determination of a rent payable by virtue of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954, s24A
Note that the crucial date is the date on which the occupier quits, not the date on which the lease is expressed to expire.
The date on which the term is to begin should always be clearly expressed in the lease.
If possible the term should be expressed as a whole number of years.
For the purposes of calculation the term will then run from the date on which it is expressed to begin, although the tenant's interest will not vest until the date on which the lease is actually executed (Cadogan (Earl) v Guinness [1936]Ch 515).
Where a lease creates a term of years which is expressed to run from some date earlier than that of the execution of the lease, the term created will be a term which begins on the date the lease is executed, and not the earlier date.
Normally, rent  review dates and dates for the exercise of options will be calculated from the date on which the term is expressed to begin, rather than the date of execution of the lease (Beaumont Property Trust v Tai (1982) 265 EG 872; Page v Mallow Investments Ltd (1974) 29 P & CR 168).
The term of a lease is often expressed to run "from" a particular date.
The safest course for the draftsman to adopt is to express the term as "beginning on" a particular date.
If the term is expressed to begin in the middle of a rental period, this may distort other parts of the lease; for example, a rent review timetable (East v Pantiles (Plant Hire) Ltd (1981) 263 EG 61).
Accordingly, any prescribed time limits must be strictly complied with unless there is express provision to the contrary.
The tenant's adviser would do well to include an express provision to that effect.
Such time limits must be strictly observed unless there is express provision to the contrary.
For example, an option exercisable six months before the "expiry of the tenancy" might permit the tenant to exercise the option during any continuation tenancy (under the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954, s24); conversely, an option exercisable six months before "the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire" would not.
In the absence of express provision to this effect, the person responsible for determining the new rent will not be able to include rent reviews, nor will he be able to fix a stepped rent (National Westminster Bank Ltd v BSC Footwear Ltd (1980) 257 EG 277; Bracknell Development Corporation v Greenlees Lennards Ltd (1982) 260 EG 500).
Example 3:11 Option to renew (1) The tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( "the further lease" ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants (2) The further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and conditions as this lease (save as to rent and as to this option for renewal) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (3) In determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are therein specified (4) This option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to register it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease Example 3:12 Option to renew contracted out tenancy If:(1) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created; and (2) the tenant gives written notice of his desire to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term; and (3) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants; and  (4) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an application to the court for an order authorising the exclusion of the provisions of ss24-28 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy; and (5) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease (except this option for renewal) Example 3:13 Clause negativing perpetual renewal Nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease
Thus, if the landlord has elected to waive the exemption from VAT in respect of a particular building, he will not be able to add VAT to the rent if it is expressed as a single figure.
However, it was said that the prima facie rule could be displaced:(1) by express words;(2) by contra-indications in the rent review clause;(3) by the interrelationship of the rent review clause and other clauses in the lease.
(b) The presumption rebutted (i) By express words The parties may always provide expressly that time limits are to be of the essence.
In all cases it is suggested that the parties must consider whether or not to have strict time limits and ensure that their intention is clearly expressed.
First, the draftsman may insert in the rent review clause an express provision that time is not to be of the essence.
In the absence of consent of all parties, or an express term in the lease, an arbitrator cannot order a dispute referred to arbitration to be heard or determined together with another dispute involving a stranger, even though the two disputes are closely related, and a consolidated hearing would be convenient (Oxford Shipping Co Ltd v Nippon Yusen Kaisha [1984]3 All ER 835).
It is unlikely that the management will be able to provide such information without breaching their implied or express contractual duties to the company (see Chapter 2).
It is currently a prerequisite of a qualifying corporate bond that it is expressed in sterling and contains no provision for conversion into, or redemption in, a currency other than sterling.
The dividend is usually expressed to be cumulative, since in the case of equity share capital there is a presumption that dividends are non-cumulative unless otherwise stated.
Secondly, there are some express guidelines in the UCTA, but these are far from complete, are only indicative, and impose no restriction on the other matters which the court can take into account.
Schedule 2 contains some express guidelines for all contracts relating to the supply of goods, which inevitably have influenced thinking about reasonableness in relation to all types of contracts.
A further factor which would tend to make such clauses reasonable would be adequate protection by warranties in the final express contract documents.
Having dealt with the question of exclusion clauses in general, the UCTA then deals with the question of the extent to which liability for breach of certain warranties implied into contracts for the supply of goods and services under the SGA, the SGSA and the Supply of Goods (Implied Terms) Act 1973 can be excluded by express provision in the relevant contract.
It will be recalled that by and large this body of legislation provides that such warranties are to be implied into the relevant contracts unless the contract itself expresses a contrary intention.
Section 27(1) of the UCTA excludes from its operations contracts which are governed by the law of any part of the UK only because the parties inserted an express governing law clause to that effect.
The conclusion seems to be that where one wishes the UCTA not to apply, one should, where possible, by observing the relevant conflict of law rules, create a contract genuinely governed by a foreign proper law, so that there is no need for an express choice of law clause which can be attacked or negated under s 27(2).
However, the Law Commission expressed the hope that if the practice became widespread, the Office of Fair Trading would prevent it under the powers granted by the Fair Trading Act 1973.
However, in order to take advantage of such guarantees, the customer would have to sign and return a portion of the guarantee form or certificate to signify that, in consideration of the granting of the guarantee, he would accept that his legal remedies against the manufacturer were limited to the express ones contained in the guarantee.
In practice the express remedies were actually in many cases fairly limited, so that the effect of such guarantees was rather to avoid the manufacturer's liability than to provide an additional remedy.
In the absence of an express (or possibly an implied) provision to this effect, the SGA provides that time of delivery is not of the essence (see SGA 1979, s 10(2)).
In Precedent 1, cl 5.5 gives an example of a simple retention of title clause, coupled with the express grant of a power to sue for the price, once the due date for payment has come, even though property has not passed.
Section 49(1) of  the SGA in general makes the passing of property a precondition for suing for the price, but s 49(2) permits an express provision of this type, provided that the price is stated in the contract to be due on a "date certain" .
Hence the need to exclude it (both in Precedent 1 and Precedent 2) by express provisions.
The combination of cls 6.3 and 7.3 with cl 1.4 of Precedent 2 in fact imposes both express and implied warranties and an indemnity in this area, but they are hardly necessary, given the  operation of the UCTA.
While the buyer is also anxious to ensure certainty, his desire is to surround the contract and impose upon the seller as many express warranties as possible  to ensure that the goods supplied under the contract are satisfactory to him in every way.
Finally, since the buyer is also anxious not to exclude any of his rights implied at common law or under the SGA in addition to the express rights which he has included in the contract, he makes it absolutely clear that all such implied rights will also apply to the contract.
In general this rule should only be used as a last resort in legal proceedings over a contract where the parties have failed to make an express provision as to the status of implied terms.
In all such cases, the buyer is far better advised to include an express statement of the purpose for which the goods are intended, and an express warranty as to their suitability for it.
Buyers often attempt to include express warranties stating that goods will be suitable for the purpose for which they are intended to be used by the buyer, or suitable for the purpose for which they are ordinarily or generally used.
In the absence of express provisions in the contract, s 35 of the SGA makes this difficult for him, since it provides that he is deemed to have accepted goods either when he tells the seller that he has done so, or when he does an act in relation to them which is inconsistent with the ownership of the seller.
However, in the commercial world, in the context of conditions of sale and purchase, the terms are used interchangeably to refer to express remedies granted in the contract by the seller to the buyer in respect of defective goods or workmanship.
Both buyers and sellers prefer the inclusion of express remedies.
In the absence of some specification which states how long a product should last under normal use without manifesting defects (whether or not due to normal wear and tear), the parties have to resort to the express or implied warranties of merchantable quality, or the express or implied  rights of rejection.
It is far better for the buyer and the seller to avoid all these arguments by providing for an express period of time in which defects will be remedied.
A seller will prefer that the buyer's only remedy in respect of defective goods should be the express one granted under the contract.
He will thus insert an additional clause specifying that the express remedy is the sole remedy, and that all other remedies express or implied by law or statute are excluded.
However, it is clear that, as discussed above, an express warranty is in the interests of both parties, so that, provided the guarantee grants what can be regarded as a reasonable remedy under the particular circumstances of the contract, no problems under s 3 of the UCTA should arise.
In most cases, where the guarantee is a reasonable one both parties are better off excluding other remedies express or implied by law or statute.
For instance, if a car manifests a defect outside the express period for the correction of defects, where the guarantee excludes other legal remedies, this is (subject to s 3 of the UCTA) the end of the matter.
Clause 10.2 of Precedent 2 provides an express right for the buyer to cancel in the event of breach by the seller.
It is far better for the buyer to have an express right which applies to any breach of contract.
The remedy of purchase from a third party, with the consequent obligation on the seller to pay the increase in the purchase price, is broadly similar to that available at common law, but, again, the express clause imports a certain amount of flexibility in the area of the price paid for third party goods (for instance a premium might have to be paid for quick delivery to meet the buyer's original timescales), and as to how closely their specification need resemble the original goods.
The cancellation fee is usually expressed as a percentage of the contract price, and varies on a sliding scale.
The inclusion of this clause enables him to recover all loss, however remote,(provided he can prove causation) suffered as a result of the sellers's wrongful acts, since the seller has, by the clause, undertaken an express obligation to compensate him for such loss.
Many such clauses then go on to provide, rather as in the case of the warranty in relation to defective goods, that the express remedies in the clause are the only remedies granted to the buyer in respect of infringement of third party intellectual property rights, and that all other remedies implied by law are excl uded.
Where the UCTA applies, despite such an exclusion clause, the buyer will be able to enjoy the express remedies under the clause, and any other remedies available to him at law as well.
For instance, in addition to the express remedies, he would be able, in appropriate cases, to claim damages for lost profits or contracts or other interruption caused to his business if he were unable finally to use or resell the goods concerned.
From the buyer's point of view this is a totally acceptable situation, and it will be seen from cll 6.1, 6.2 and 6.3 of Precedent 2 that the buyer here provides for express warranties against infringement, coupled with an indemnity against the consequences of such infringement.
First of all, he can include a patent indemnity, without any exclusion clause tacked on to it, along the lines set out above, providing express but limited remedies, and, in particular, not putting forward an express right to compensation for economic loss.
If the seller honours the express remedies, the buyer will have to prove any loss that he has suffered in addition to that covered by the clause, subject to the ordinary common law rules relating to remoteness.
Not only is it hard to see how the buyer can then bring an action for breach of contract, as opposed to invoking the express remedies of the clause, but, even if he were able to, there is no reason why general exclusion clauses capping liability or excluding liability for economic loss should not be effective, since they would then only have to pass the reasonableness test.
The best way to proceed is to include the clause as described above, but then to add a further clause, covering the issues normally included in an intellectual property rights indemnity, and stating that these express remedies are offered (on, as it were, an ex gratia basis) even though the seller takes no responsibility for the infringement.
However, given that the disclaimer of responsibility is valid under the UCTA, it is hard to see why such a solution, which puts the buyer in a better position than he would have been in if no express remedies were available, should fall foul of the UCTA.
Precedent 1 adopts this approach of a combination of an exclusion of liability for infringement pursuant to s 12(3) of the SGA and s 2 (3) of the SGSA (set out in cll 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3) and an express but limited remedy for such infringement (set out in cl 10).
If one wished to adopt the approach of a limited express remedy with no exclusion of liability, one would retain cl 10 (except for cl 10.6) and delete the phrases in square brackets in cl 5.1 and the whole of cll 1, 5.2 and 5.3.
It would then operate to preserve the express warranty in cl 5.1 (as amended) and the implied warranties in s 12(1) and s 2(1).
[5.3 The Seller shall have no liability to the Purchaser (other than as provided in Condition 10) in the event that the goods to be supplied under the Order infringe any intellectual property rights of a third party (including without limitation by reason of their possession, sale or use, whether alone or in association or combination with any other goods); the Seller gives no warranty that the goods to be supplied under the order will not infringe as aforesaid, and all conditions, warranties, stipulations or other statements whatsoever relating to such infringement or alleged infringement (if any), whether express or implied, by statute, at common law or otherwise howsoever, are hereby excluded.]
9.3 The Seller's liability under this Condition shall be to the exclusion of all other liability to the Purchaser whether contractual, tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods, and (subject to Condition 14) all other conditions, warranties, stipulations or other statements whatsoever concerning the goods, whether express or implied, by statute, at common law or otherwise howsoever, are hereby excluded; in particular(but without limitation of the foregoing) the Seller grants no warranties regarding the fitness for purpose, performance, use, nature or merchantable quality of the goods, whether express or implied, by statute, at common law or otherwise howsoever.
14.1 If and to the extent that s 6 and/or 7(3A) of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 applies to the Order, no provision of these terms and conditions shall operate or be construed to operate so as to exclude or restrict the liability of the Seller for breach of the express warranties contained in Condition 5, or for breach of the applicable warranties as to title and quiet possession implied into the terms and conditions of the Order by s 12(3) of the Sale of Goods Act 1979, or s 2(3) of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982, whichever Act applies to the Order.
1.4 Nothing in these conditions shall prejudice any condition or warranty expressed or implied, or any legal remedy to which we may be entitled, in relation to the goods and/or the work the subject of this order, by virtue of any statute or custom or any general law or local law or regulation.
4.5 All such orders will be placed by the Company on the terms and conditions set out in Schedule 3 hereto, which shall govern and form part of every contract for the supply of the Products by the Supplier to the Company and prevail over any express or implied terms or conditions of the Company.
Accordingly, the Seller gives no warranties in relation to the quality of the goods or their suitability for any purpose, and all such warranties, whether express or implied by statute, common law or otherwise howsoever, are hereby excluded.
The trial judge in proceedings which were commenced in the High Court and subsequently transferred to the county court is entitled to express the opinion referred to in s 51(8) (b) that the proceedings he is trying should have been commenced in the county court.
A claim for debt or liquidated demand may be expressed in a foreign currency (Miliangos v George Frank (Textiles) Ltd [1975]3 All ER 801).
A party to proceedings may at any time make a written offer to any other party to those proceedings which is expressed to be "without prejudice save as to costs" and which relates to any issue in the proceedings.
1.3 However, RSC Ord 38 and CCR Ord 20 are expressed to be subject to the Civil Evidence Act 1968 (see Appendix B) under which hearsay evidence in documents can be put in at trial if a party cannot call the witness.
The power is  wide enough on the one hand to allow the statement of an eye-witness to an accident to express an opinion (eg that one of the drivers was going too fast) and on the other hand to allow a party to put in a medical report from a doctor who has died or who cannot be called for any other reason.
In practice that will only occur if there are difficulties in serving the defendant (see, for example, Gurtner v Circuit [1968]2 QB 587, Howells v Jones (1975) 119 SJ 577, Sisknys v Hanley (1982) The Times, 26 May) or if there has been an express or implied agreement to defer service of the writ or the plaintiff's delay in serving it or renewing it has been induced or contributed to by the defendant's words or conduct (Heaven v Road and Rail Wagons Ltd [1965]2 QB 655).
It seems that the admission need not be an express one and that if, for instance, a plaintiff has pleaded a relevant conviction and the defendant admits it and does not claim that it was erroneous or irrelevant, the plaintiff should get his interim payment.
In the High Court and county courts express provision is made allowing any party to apply to the court for different directions, a provision which should not be overlooked, particularly given the new provisions for early exchange of witness statements, if there is good reason for departing from the normal rule (see RSC Ord 25, r8(3), CCR Ord 17, r11(4)).
Lord Pearson expressed the way in which the courts approach this aspect very clearly in Taylor v O'Connor [1971]AC 115 at p143 when he said: The fund of damages is not expected to be preserved intact.
He was a partner in a firm of architects, devoted to his work and in good health, and had always expressed the intention of working as long as he was able.
Viscount Dunedin expressed it in the following words:
3.21 The Working Party's Guidelines are expressed to be based upon an analysis of cases reported up to September 1991.
However, the auditors' task is usually expressed to be to state the "fair price" of the shares; considered further at 3.5.
The owner said that the reference to a non-legal expert was inappropriate to a dispute about legal liability, and that despite the express words in the disputes clause in the contract, the parties could never have intended it.
Sometimes the finality of the decision is expressed to be subject to the qualification "save in the case of manifest error" .
This means that express terms are interpreted according to what are known as the "rules of construction" applied to contracts, and these contractual rules apply when attempts are made to imply terms which are needed to make sense of a contract.
There is an example of the court interpreting express words to resolve an ambiguity in an expert clause in Langham House Developments v Brompton Securities Ltd (1980) 256 EG 719.
The judge decided that the surveyor was to be an expert, because the lease contained an underlease immediately preceding the rent review clause, and in the underlease the draftsman had used express words to specify the choice of procedure as arbitrationthe disputed clause did not use any of those wordshence the surveyor was an expert.
Mistake does appear occasionally in expert clauses as a circumstance in which the expert's decision would not be binding, but it is doubtful whether express words to that effect alter the principle implied by the court: see 13.11.
An appointing authority could seek to exclude the implied term by express words, but that would not be an attractive course: appointing authorities have reputations to keep.
If the valuation has not been made in accordance with the express terms of the contract then it is clearly not binding.
If it is made in accordance with the express terms, the next question is whether there were any implied terms that have not been complied with.
The appeal court in Pappa v Rose (1872) LR 7 CP 525 noted that the valuers in Jenkins v Betham had declared themselves to be persons possessed of proper skill for valuations of ecclesiastical property, whereas Mr Rose was only a selling broker expressing his opinion.
This chapter seeks to distinguish arbitration from references to experts by considering:(1) confusion between whether references have been to experts or arbitrators (15.2);(2) how the court interprets express words in the contract about a referee's status (15.3);(3) the guidelines for assessing the referee's status (15.4–15.9);(4) the procedural differences between arbitrations and references to experts (15.10);(5) the different consequences of an expert's decision and an arbitration award (15.11).
15.3 Express words
Thus evidence of express words is not conclusive proof of the intentions of the parties.
15.3.2 Express words not conclusive…
Although there is no express statutory provision to this effect, contracts traded on other futures exchanges would also be treated as for investment purposes, and hence are investments for the purposes of the Act.
Section 56 of the FSA prohibits marketing or dealing (including, but not restricted to, futures transactions) in the course or in consequences of an unsolicited call (i.e. a personal visit or oral communication made without express invitation).
However, as explained at page 32 below, dealings on exchanges which are not recognised investment exchanges (RIEs) or designated investment exchanges (DIEs) may in fact be treated as "off-exchange" for the purposes of the COB Rules; moreover, qualifying futures contracts may still be within the money market exemption (see page 24 below) provided that they are not bought or sold, or expressed to be as bought or sold, on an RIE.
Consequently a customer is, in general terms, quite simply a client (whether the firm deals for him or with him), subject to the express provisions of the COB Rules and the question of "mere" counterparties (see page 28 below).
However, the money market exemption does not apply to:(1) Investment management services (whether discretionary or non-discretionary); or (2) Arguably, advisory services, although the SIB has indicated that it does apply to them; or (3) Transactions on, or expressed to be as on, an RIE.
The COB Rules that are expressed to apply to customers apply to both.
However, because the customer does not need to state in writing that he wants to be treated as a private customer, it is best to have an express written consent.
Finally, any other COB rule that expressly indicates that it is not restricted to regulated business will also apply; the firm must therefore comply with those COB Rules that are expressed to apply to investment business (rather than the narrower regulated business).
The first is that the views expressed here are the author's and not necessarily those of the Law Commission.
There are two reasonably clear examples of express authorisation in FSA, ss 55 and 81.
Although there is no express reference in s 48(2) (h) to the civil rights and obligations of customers, it appears to envisage restrictions on common law and equitable duties of disclosure.
The power in s 48(1) is expressed in general terms but refers only to rules "regulating the conduct of business" unlike the express reference in s 81 to  the rights and obligations of third parties.
This is primarily concerned with the nature and scope of the statutory scheme rather than with express authority to alter private law rights in the rulemaking power, when determining the scope of a rulemaking power.
So far we have discussed ways of interpreting express rules.
Similar principles are relevant where the issue goes beyond the express rules to imply additional terms, based on public policy, or the presumed intention of the parties.
Express rules will generally override an implied term if they are clearly contrary to it.
Implied terms can thus supplement express rules, or introduce new rules, but cannot directly contradict an existing rule.
However, this still leaves the court a good deal of scope for readjusting the express rules.
Where there is no express agreement, non-members are bound by rules or resolutions made under the rules that relate to the mode of business on the exchange.
Having discussed the report with the client and explained the procedural rules relating to expert evidence, you must obtain the client's express consent to its disclosure to the other side.
Children should be encouraged to attend where they have sufficient understanding and are able to express their wishes and feelings and participate in the process (para 6.13).
In the absence of any express directions the parties are expected to adduce their evidence in the following order (FPCR, r21(3); FPR, r4.21(2)):(i) the applicant;(ii) any party with parental responsibility;(iii) other respondents;(iv) the guardian ad litem;(v) the child if there is no guardian ad litem (or he is conducting his own case or giving instructions to a solicitor on his own behalf).
In Re M (a Minor)(Child Abuse: Evidence)[1986]1 FLR 293 Latey J expressed the view that all such interviews should be recorded on video tape and that such evidence should then be available to the court in the interests of justice.
Only an expert may give an opinion in evidence, although a witness as to fact, who is also an expert in the relevant field, may be asked to express an opinion.
Expert witnesses may only express opinions on matters properly within their field of expertise.
Thus in Re S and B (Minors)(Evidence)[1991]FCR 175 a psychiatric social worker was allowed to express an opinion on another witness's mental condition and propensity to fantasise or invent but not on her credibility.
While an expert is often required to give an opinion based on examinations or interviews he has actually carried out, he may also be asked to express an opinion on evidence before the court within his particular area of expertise.
Finally, I should like to express my gratitude to my partner, John Stacey, a lawyer of considerable intellect who, while bearing no responsibility for the contents of this work, first introduced me to commercial conveyancing and has since played no little part in my continuing education in the subject.
All that is required is that sufficient of the works shall have been completed to enable the premises to be used for the purpose intended, and if the tenant has any particular concerns as to the completion of the works then it should ensure that express provision is made for those concerns in the agreement (see clause 2.8).
17.1 This agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties save as augmented by any side letter [s][or other agreement[s]]exchanged contemporaneously with this agreement and signed by the parties hereto or by their duly authorised agents which side letter [s][or agreement[s]]shall take effect either as a collateral agreement to this agreement or if it [they]shall be incorporated by  express reference all the terms and conditions of such side letter [s][or other agreement [s]]shall be treated as being a single composite agreement with this agreement and subject thereto there are no other arrangements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement It may be advisable to include an arbitration provision, either to deal with any particular point in the agreement or to attempt to resolve disputes in general.
3.2 Where the Landlord the Tenant or the Guarantor for the time being are two or more persons obligations expressed or implied to be made by or with such party are deemed to be by or with such persons jointly and severally
the Tenant but except where there is an express indication to the contrary exclude the Guarantor
The landlord may also express concern that on a forfeiture of the lease the undertenant may try to seek relief from forfeiture under s 146(4) of the Law of Property Act 1925 at a rent less than the lease rent.
9.1.2 there is a breach by the Tenant [or the Guarantor]of any covenant or other term of this Lease or any document [expressed to be]supplemental to this Lease or
The Guarantor's covenants with the person named in clause 1.1.1 and without the need for any express assignment with all [its]successors in title that:
8.1.4 any other act or thing by which but for this provision the Guarantor would have been released [other than a variation of the terms of this Lease agreed between the parties that is prejudicial to the Guarantor]Until the case of P & A Swift Investments v Combined English Stores Group plc it was believed that the benefit of a guarantor's covenants could only be enforced by a successor in title to the landlord's reversion, where there had been an express assignment to it.
Furthermore, deeds made by individuals need no longer be sealed, although they may seal if they wish to do so, and deeds made by a company need only be signed by a director and the company secretary (or by two directors) and, provided that the deed is expressed to be executed by the company, then it has the same effect as if it was executed under the company's seal.
The Court of Appeal expressed hope that judges might give some help to juries in future about the real value of money.
An example is provided by Schild v Express Newspapers: The plaintiff, a leading businessman, and his family were kidnapped in Sardinia by bandits who demanded a £3 million ransom.
If the reader is invited to be suspicious, and is nudged towards a defamatory explanation which the writer "did not care or did not dare to express in direct terms" the publication will be capable of carrying a defamatory imputation.
In 1975, the Faulks committee on libel expressed great concern about stories which added to the grief of a widow — and recommended that relatives should be allowed to sue within five years of death (a cynical estimate, critics suggested, of the length of a widow's solicitude).
However wrong the opinion expressed may be in point of truth, or however prejudiced the writer, it may still be within the prescribed limit.
Unattributed assertions in news stories and headlines are likely to be received as factual, while criticism expressed in personlised columns is more likely to be regarded as opinion, especially when it appears to be an inference drawn by the columnist from facts to which reference has been made.
These difficulties have resolved themselves into the question: is the comment "fair" , in the sense of being one which the commentator could honestly express, on the strength of such of his facts as can be proved to be true?
The better view (both for the logic of the law and for press freedom) is that the expression of opinion may still be defended as "fair comment" if it can be shown to satisfy the test of whether a hypothetical fair-minded man could honestly express the opinion on the proven facts.
However, the European Court carefully distinguished between the publication of value judgments about such persons rather than factual allegations, and it is likely that Lingens (who was expressing his genuine opinion of Kreisky) would have had a "fair comment" defence in English law.
There is also a Register of Pending Actions affecting land or any interest in land kept by the Land Charges Registrar, but a buyer (the term includes a lessee and mortgagee) for value who does not have express notice of such an action will not be bound by it unless it is registered as a land charge.
When you act for buyers who intend that a leasehold interest shall merge in the freehold (leaseholders buying the freehold reversion on their lease, or freeholders buying the lease to which their title is subject) it's convenient to express the intention to merge in the transfer or other instrument vesting the second estate in the owner of the first if this is intended, but beware of such an application in the case of a flat—if, for example, your client owns a leasehold flat and buys the freehold of the whole building in which it is situate.
Even if there is no such express statement the author feels that there is no reason why the definition should be restricted in any way to UK settlements.
Section 682 provides that income arising under a settlement shall be deemed not to have been distributed if and to the extent that it exceeds the aggregate of:(i) the sums, excluding all payments of interest, paid in that year by the trustees of the settlement to any persons (not being a body corporate connected with the settlement and not being the trustees of another settlement made by the settlor or the trustees of the settlement) in such manner that they fall to be treated in that year, otherwise than by virtue of s677 above, as the income of those persons for the purposes of income tax, or would fall to be so treated if those persons were domiciled, resident and ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom and the sums had been paid to them there; and (ii) subject to s682(2)– (5)(rules for ascertaining undistributed income where  interest is paid by trustees) any expenses of the trustees of the settlement paid in that year which, in the absence of any express provision of the settlement, would be properly chargeable to income, in so far as such expenses are not included in the sums mentioned in para (i) above; and (iii) in a case where the trustees of the settlement are trustees for charitable purposes, the amount by which any income arising under the settlement in that year in respect of which exemption from tax may be granted under s505 of TA 1988 exceeds the aggregate amount of any such sums or expenses as aforesaid paid in that year which are properly chargeable to that income.
Lord Simonds stated: The transfer of assets aimed at by the Section is not expressed to be a transfer to a person resident or domiciled out of the United Kingdom.
I should suppose that it is deliberately not so expressed, for I cannot think that so simple an expedient as the transfer of assets to a company resident in the United Kingdom and the immediate removal of that company outside it would not occur to the draftsman.
In Balston Ltd v Headline Fillers Ltd [1987]FSR 330 it appears that an express confidential information clause which sought to protect secrets other than "business secrets" (in the narrow sense that that phrase is used in Faccenda Chicken v Fowler; see pp78-9 below) was subjected by Scott J to the restraint of trade doctrine (see also Harman J in Systems Reliability Holdings plc v Smith [1990]IRL R 377).
The usual approach of the courts is to examine whether any confidential information exists, whether it is protected by an express or implied term and, subject to arguments as to the balance of convenience, grant or refuse the injunction sought.
In both those cases the express words used and the relevant clause could be compared with other express words used elsewhere.
Lyne-Pirkis v Jones was distinguished on the basis that in that case there was an express antithesis between the phrase "as general medical practitioners" in a recital and "as a medical practitioner" in the relevant clause.
What if there is no express covenant on a business sale and X purchases the business from Y and eventually sells it to Z?
Dillon LJ echoed this point in Alec Lobb. 9 Pleading restraint of trade In the typical case of an action by an employer against a former employee the employer will plead in his statement of claim that by doing a certain thing the employee has breached express or implied terms of his contract.
The only recent murmur of dissent occurred in Lord Reid's judgment in Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain v Dickson [1970]AC 403 in which he expressed a doubt as to whether, in a case where a restraint was part of a professional code of conduct, the burden of proof regarding justification fell on the professional body.
In Ixora Trading Incorporated v Jones [1990]1 FSR 251 Mummery J struck out the plaintiffs' writ and statement of claim which, inter alia, alleged breaches of express and implied duties of confidence.
The plaintiffs relied on an express term set out in the letters of appointments written to the defendants as follows: You will not disclose any of the company's affairs or any of its subsidiary or associated companies business or trade secrets to a third party either during or after you have ceased to be an employee of the company without the express written consent of the company.
2.1 Express indications of confidentiality Where the person disclosing information expressly states to the recipient that it is being disclosed in confidence this will usually suffice to impose an obligation of confidence (assuming the information has the necessary quality of confidence).
For example in Dunford & Elliott Ltd v Johnson & Firth Brown [1978]FSR 143 information supplied to investors under cover of a letter making express reference to its confidential nature was held to have been imparted in circumstances of confidence (although the action failed on other grounds).
It is submitted that there is no good reason why an obligation of confidence should not arise if the supplier of the information clearly expresses it to be confidential.
2.2 Mode of expression Where no express indication of the confidentiality of the information disclosed has been given it is necessary to examine the circumstances surrounding the disclosure.
A further circumstance in which the obligation of confidence will come to an end is where an express provision of limited duration expires.
Care must be taken in the drafting of express contractual restraints to ensure that they clearly cover both use and non-disclosure.
In Marshall (Thomas)(Exporters) Ltd v Guinle [1979]1 Ch 227 Megarry V-C held that an express contractual restriction on disclosure did not also prohibit use of the information (the plaintiff was, in fact, granted an injunction against  use on the grounds of the defendant's duty of good faith but this duty will not exist in all cases).
However, where no express or implied contract exists, as for example will be the case where third parties come by confidential information, the rights are presumably equitable in nature.
Whereas copyright protects the form in which an idea is expressed but not the idea itself, confidence can protect both the form and the idea.
CHAPTER 7: IMPLIED AND EXPRESS DUTIES
This part analyses the limits which the courts have placed on the freedom of an employee in the absence of express restrictive covenants and upon the ability of employers to restrain employees by contractual restrictions.
Implied and Express Duties during Employment
In practice, an employer will not always rely on the implied duty of fidelity: there will often be an express clause in the employment contract which directs the employee to devote his time exclusively to the promotion of the employer's business.
Obviously, an employee is free to apply for another position even with a rival of his present employer, or to find premises in which to set up a future business so long as in doing so he is not in breach of any valid express term in his employment contract: see Searle (GD) & Co Ltd v Celltech Ltd [1982]FSR 92.
Only after he had left is he free, in the absence of express restraint, to make use of the latter though never the former.
If the employer requires protection he should have the foresight to include an express covenant in the employment contract.
The employees appealed and it was held, allowing the appeal, that the industrial tribunal had erred in law in holding that an intention to compete in the future with their employers  expressed by the employees in letters to their employers' suppliers was in itself a breach of a duty of fidelity owed by the employees to the employers and that accordingly the dismissals had been unfair.
He said that the defendant had never been told he was being entrusted with secrets, there was no express covenant covering business secrets and the defendant never knew that he must not talk about his work outside his employment.
A prudent employer will always have an express contractual term protecting business secrets.
Recently, in Faccenda Chicken Ltd v Fowler [1985]1 All ER 724;[1986]1 All ER 617 Goulding J and the Court of Appeal considered information which was not protected by an express clause and which was clearly used by employees once employment had ended.
Although there was an express clause in the employment contract by which the employee was under a duty "to promote, extend and develop the interests of the company" the court would clearly have reached the same conclusion on the basis of the implied duty of fidelity.
B was enjoined from using the patent; see also Industrial Development Consultants v Cooley [1972]2 All ER 192. 2 Express duties In some instances all of the duties which are implied by law during the currency of an employment contract will be expressly included in such a contract.
However, practice differs and it invariably happens that express provision is made only regarding two areas: non-competition/canvassing and non-disclosure/use of business secrets.
2.1 Non-competition/canvassing clauses It is common to find in an employment contract an express clause which restricts competition/canvassing by an employee both during and after employment.
However, it is important to decide at this stage whether that part of an express clause which seeks to control competition during employment is also subject to such a test.
2.2 Business secrets The particular importance of an express clause covering business secrets during employment is that it avoids some of the problems encountered in Bjorlow (GB) Ltd v Minter (1954) 71 RPC 321.
This is reflected by the fact that, in the absence of express provision, it is now quite legitimate for the employee to compete with his old employer and to canvass his customers.
Therefore, if an employer feels that such protection is necessary he must include express restrictions in the contract of employment.
The plaintiff in Diamond Stylus Co Ltd v Bauden Precision Diamonds Ltd [1973]RPC 675 paid the price for not having an express covenant restraining employees from soliciting customers after employment ended and was forced to argue that solicitation could only have come about because of the misuse of business secrets.
However, what appears to be competition/soliciting which cannot be restrained without an express clause frequently amounts to a breach of the duty of fidelity.
Goulding J found as a fact that all parts of the sales information had been used for the purposes of the defendant's business and he divided information into three categories where it was not the subject of any express provision:(1) Information which because of its triviality or public accessibility was not confidential at all.
The employer could only be protected by an express stipulation.
As it had been used after employment it could only have been protected by an express term.
(No mention is made here of express terms which are defective and if in that event the court is free to imply terms, though as we suggest below, there is such power.)(2) In the absence of an express term, the obligations of the employee in respect of the use and disclosure of information are the subject of implied terms.
In the absence of any express provisions once employment has ended the law will only protect information within the second class.
It is submitted that the only way for an employer to protect all forms of confidential information post employment is to have an express contractual provision relating to confidentiality.
Faccenda had made the mistake of not having such an express term in their employment contracts.
The court appeared to disagree with Goulding J at first instance in that it seemed to say that confidential information which cannot be described as a "business secret" (in the narrow sense of that phrase) could not be protected by an express clause.
This difficulty in the court's approach was addressed by Scott J in Balston Ltd v Headline Fitters Ltd [1987]FSR 330 who stated that  Faccenda was not authority for the proposition that confidential information that could not be protected by an implied term ipso facto could not be protected by express agreement.
Scott J pointed out that an implied obligation may involve different considerations from an express one in that an implied obligation will be unlimited in time.
Although the Court of Appeal expressed no opinion on it, the court was  clearly concerned that the employer might possibly be able to protect himself from the use of the employee's skill and knowledge post employment by means of express provision if the employee were simply to sell that knowledge as a commodity (ie not use it as a means to gain further employment).
(6) There was no evidence that the plaintiffs had ever given any express instructions that the sales information or the information about prices was to be treated as confidential.
The real area of difficulty is based on whether an express clause can validly protect information which does not fall within the Court of Appeal's narrow definition of a trade secret.
It is claimed that the Court of Appeal said that information that came within Goulding J's second category cannot be protected by an express clause and that that is the wrong approach.
They have seen the Court of Appeal's judgment as stating that even an express clause cannot validly protect confidential information unless it is a narrow trade secret or its equivalent.
The first reported expression of dissent occurred in Balston Ltd v Headline Filters [1987]FSR 330 where Scott J at pp347 and 348 said, having quoted from the judgment of Neill LJ in Faccenda, both counsel before me express some reservations about that passage insofar as it suggests that confidential information cannot be protected by a suitably worded restrictive convenant binding on an ex-employee unless the information can be regarded as trade secret in the third of the categories described by Goulding J. I am bound to say that I share these reservations.
Therefore Neill LJ must have been contemplating protection by an express restrictive covenant of confidential information in respect of which an obligation against  use or disclosure after the determination of the employment could not be implied.
He concluded that he declined to read the Faccenda case as holding that confidential information which could not be protected by an implied term ipso facto could not be protected by a suitably limited express covenant.
The concerns of Scott J were echoed by Harman J in Systems Reliability Holdings Plc v Smith [1990]IRLR 377 where the judge concluded (in a case where he was concerned with an express restriction on the use and disclosure of, in particular the knowledge acquired by the defendant during his employment of the ability to modify an old computer by a small addition so as to make a new product of significant commercial value) that the controversial part of Neill LJ's judgment did not bind him to hold that there cannot be in an express restrictive of covenant any restriction on information held by an ex-employee which is not a trade secret or something similar.
He distinguished Faccenda on two bases; the first was that the case was clearly dealing with implied covenants and therefore any observations made by the court relating to express restrictions were clearly obiter.
However these two bases are distinct and it is clear from Harman J's judgment that even if he had been dealing with an express confidential information clause in an employment agreement he would have declined to have followed Faccenda.
Even in such an early case as Morris (Herbert) Ltd v Saxelby [1916]1 AC 688 the plaintiffs abandoned a claim based on an express restraint because, as Lord Atkinson said, the clause prevented the defendant using "…in the service of some other employer that skill and knowledge which he had acquired by the exercise of his own mental faculties on what he had seen, heard, and had experience of in…employment…" (see also Leng (Sir WC) & Co Ltd v Andrews [1909]1 Ch 763 where it was held, inter alia, that the defendant was entitled to use his acquired skill and knowledge for the benefit of himself and the benefit of the public who gained the advantage of him having had such admirable instruction).
Each case turns on its own facts but once the boundary between protectable secrets and general skill and knowledge is crossed the employer cannot, even by way of express covenant, restrict the employee's ability to use those skills once employment has ended (Faccenda Chicken Ltd v Fowler [1985]1 All ER 724).
However, there is no doubt that many express terms which bind the employee to devote his time to his employment and to devote his energies to furthering his employer's business contemplate control over his skill and knowledge.
However, the fact that an employer may have evidence to support his claim does not preclude the employee from arguing that the employer has conducted himself in such a way that despite an express clause confidentiality no longer exists.
For example information about prices can, in certain circumstances, constitute a business secret: see the discussion in Faccenda Chicken Ltd v Fowler [1985]1 All ER 724 and Lansing Linde Ltd v Kerr [1991]1 All ER 418. 2 Express duties once employment has ended By including express restrictive covenants in an employment contract an employer will seek to achieve three goals once employment is over:(a) to prevent the ex-employee canvassing orders from the employer's customers;(b) to prevent the ex-employee competing with his business (usually within a defined geographical area);(c) to prevent the ex-employee from using/disclosing any legitimate business secrets.
Although there is no example in the cases, it seems possible for an employer to appropriate the goodwill which an employee brings with him by express provision.
Moreover, it may not be enough for an employer to say "I'm a wine merchant and my ex-employee is now working as a wine merchant and so I am entitled to enforce an express restriction" .
Where a problem arises for which there is no express provision in the contract, common law or statute may fill the gap, either by implying terms, such as requiring the goods supplied to be merchantable, or the service to be performed with reasonable skill and care, or by ruling that the impact of unforeseen events is to frustrate the contract.
Far better to make express provision for as many contingencies as possible, thus allowing the parties to form a clear view of their rights and liabilities and minimising, so far as possible, the scope for dispute.
Is the contract on "written standard terms" if the terms are held on a word processor and one term is altered for dealings with a particular customer?(b) A business regularly contracts on terms prepared by its trade association: are those terms its "written standard terms" ?(c) A business makes individual contracts by telephone, or other instantaneous communication, but incorporates its normal terms of business into the contracts by express oral reference, or by a course of dealing; are the terms then "written standard terms" ?(d) Are terms "standard" on the first occasion they are used?(e) A business has negotiated a set of terms for use on all contracts with a particular customer.
Is that to be defined by reference to the express terms of the contract or are they to be excluded in defining what was reasonably to be expected?
It may be helpful, when considering a precedent, to ask why a particular term has been included, and what it is intended to achieve, and then consider whether the same result can be achieved in any other way: for instance, it may be possible to express the same idea more clearly or concisely.
Such support may be commercially attractive; in addition, if the client is prepared to offer an express warranty, any exclusion of the statutory implied terms may be more likely to satisfy the test of reasonableness. (9) How does the business make contracts?
With care it is generally possible to express most ideas clearly and accurately; however, on occasions it may be necessary to adopt particular language or legal formulae in order to express an idea accurately.
Ideas expressed in the active mood are generally more direct and "punchier" than the same ideas expressed in the passive mood.
Where it is necessary to express a proviso to a rule or term, lawyers often use the expression "provided always that" ; however, the proviso can be expressed in more straightforward language by using a word such as "except" or by reversing the provision, putting the proviso first and using the word "unless" .
Express mention of some things may be taken to exclude other, similar items, which are not mentioned, unless they are included by general words: expressio unius est exclusio alterius.
It was held that they were not entitled to do so; the express reference to one particular form of late payment impliedly excluded other late payments from the reference to "any breach of this charterparty" .
If after the contract is formed one party refuses to perform unless the contract is amended to include his terms, it is unlikely that the terms will apply even if the other agrees: even if there is consideration for the other's promise, the  threat to break the contract amounts to economic duress (see Atlas Express Ltd v Kafco (Importers and Distributors) Ltd [1989]1 All ER 641).
In order to protect themselves against employees accepting terms put forward by trading partners, many businesses include an express provision in their terms of trading limiting the authority of their agents and employees.
There seems no reason why an express provision could not be included in a contract to achieve the same result; for instance: It is agreed that if any of the goods included in the Buyer's order have been delivered before the formation of this contract, the provisions of this agreement shall apply to those goods and govern the rights and liabilities of the parties in relation to those goods.
The Act requires each party to perform "in accordance with the terms of the contract" , so that the seller must deliver goods which conform to all the express and implied terms of the contract  including the statutory implied terms concerned with the quality and condition of the goods delivered.
If the seller of goods gives an express warranty in respect of them, he will still be subject to the liabilities created by the implied terms in the SGA (SGA 1979, ss13-15) unless those liabilities are expressly excluded: for instance by a term such as: This warranty is given instead of , and excludes, all other express or implied conditions, warranties or other contractual undertakings concerned with any of the following:(i) the condition or quality of the goods,(ii) their fitness for any particular purpose,(iii) their compliance with any description which might otherwise arise at common law or under any statute.
The effect of clauses which define the contractor's obligations is that, if the contractor performs in accordance with the express undertaking, it has performed the contract and is not in breach of contract at all.
Similarly, All conditions and warranties, express or implied, as to the quality or fitness for any purpose of the goods are hereby expressly excluded purports to exclude the implied terms concerned with merchantability (SGA 1979, ss14(2) and 15(2) (a),(c)) and fitness for purpose (SGA 1979, s14(3)).
For instance: We are not liable for any loss or damage caused by breach of any express or implied term of this contract or We accept no liability for any loss or damage, howsoever caused.
However, where such a term is used simply to define the consequences of breach of an express term in the contract it cannot be regarded as an exclusion clause.
Even where the contract merely defines an express undertaking as a warranty, there will normally be a related exclusion of liability.
The contract will generally contain an express warranty intended to be in substitution for a condition which would otherwise be imposed.
In that case, as already suggested, the contract will also have to contain an express exclusion of the implied condition.
Generally a restriction on the right to reject will be coupled with an express undertaking to make an allowance against the goods, or to repair or replace them.
However, in the past the courts have tended to adopt a different approach and first "look at the contract apart from the exempting clauses and see what are the terms, express or implied, which impose an obligation on the party" (Lord Denning in Karsales (Harrow) Ltd v Wallis [1956]1 WLR 936) and only then consider the impact of the exclusion on that liability.
In Webster v Higgin [1948]2 All ER 127 a clause which provided that "no  warranty is given" did not prevent a statement which had previously been made being construed as an express warranty.
Exclusion of liability for breach of implied terms does not protect against liability for breach of an express term.
The clause did not protect the sellers when they delivered a car which was not new; the seller was in breach of an express term.
If there is no express reference to negligence, the court must consider whether the words are wide enough, in their ordinary meaning, to cover  negligence on the part of the servants of the proferens.
Sections 2, 3, 5, 6 and 7 regulate clauses which purport to exclude or restrict liability—for instance The Seller will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by breach of any express or implied term of this contract or The Seller's liability for any breach of contract shall be limited to the contract price.
It should be noted that this is often expressed in a shorthand manner by saying that the clause is "void" ; however, this is inaccurate and misleading.
"Negligence" is defined to include breach of (1) any express or implied contractual obligation to exercise reasonable care or skill in the performance of a contract (2) any common law duty to take reasonable care (such as the ordinary duty of care in the tort of negligence) and (3) the common duty of care imposed on occupiers of premises under the Occupiers' Liability Acts 1957 (s1(1)).
This point was expressed by Lord Herschell in Vagliano as follows: I am of course far from asserting that resort may never be had to the previous state of the law for the purpose of aiding in the construction of the provisions of the code.
More recently, the Cork Committee Report on Insolvency Law and Practice (1982) Cmnd 8558, para 1623 expressed the following opinion: We are conscious that our remit limits us to recommendations concerning the law of insolvency.
(e) Bailment and hire Bailment is the delivery of goods to another on condition, express or implied, that they shall be returned to the bailor or dealt with according to his instructions.
This is  because the auctioneer has no express, implied or apparent authority as an agent to sell the goods below the reserve price (McManus v Fortescue [1907]2 KB 1).
Express Undertaking as to Quality and Description
Such a practice invites scrutiny about the different legal effects concerning express statements.
In Leaf v International Galleries, Denning LJ (as he then was) expressed the view that the right to rescind for misrepresentation cannot survive beyond the point of time when a right to reject for breach of condition is lost.
(b) Express terms Unless there is a written contract (which is rare in most consumer sales) there is the possibility that the parol evidence rule may prevent the successful incorporation of extrinsic evidence.
Express contractual undertakings will have different consequences depending upon the significance given to the particular term ascribed by the law.
The buyers argued that they were entitled to reject the goods primarily on the basis of breach of the express condition since they were slightly damaged, even though they could be satisfactorily used.
I take the true rule to be that where a specific article is offered for sale, without express warranty, or without circumstances from which the law will imply a warranty…and the buyer has full opportunity of inspecting and forming his own judgment, the rule caveat emptor applies.
He took the paintings to Christie's who expressed interest in them and, at the same time, he contacted the plaintiffs who  carried on business as art dealers at a London gallery specialising in the German expressionist school.
This was overturned on appeal where Lord Denning held: "…a buyer should realise that, when he buys a second-hand car, defects may appear sooner or later and in the absence of an express warranty, he has no redress…" (p755).
Certainly where the manufacturer prints advice as to shelf life on the product, this can be analysed as an express term incorporating durability.
With respect, there is much to be said for the minority view expressed by Lord Pearce which is based upon certainty in transactions and would not expose the parties to shifts in scientific knowledge right up to the time of trial.
This is defined in s15(1) which provides as follows: 15–(1) A contract of sale is a contract for sale by sample where there is an express or implied term to that effect in the contract.
Despite this, there are important differences, for example, there is no requirement to supply in the course of a business, and there is no express defence of defects specified.
The general rules apply that the usage or custom must be reasonable, universally accepted by the particular trade, certain, not unlawful and not inconsistent with the express or implied terms of the contract.
Alternatively, a seller may state expressly that he is not an expert and no reliance should be placed upon any opinion he expresses (see Harlingdon and Leinster Enterprises (1990) discussed earlier).
Such an approach is anomalous especially since buyers will often rely upon promotional literature, and the collateral contract device may be relevant here with regard to express statements made.
The sale of the shares is subject to the caveat emptor(buyer beware) principle; unless the offeror can obtain express warranties and indemnities, or can be considered sufficiently proximate to the target's directors and their advisers to found liability for negligent misstatement (see para 20.1 below), there will be no redress if the target has unforeseen liabilities which make it less valuable than the offeror was led to believe.
The resolution must stipulate the maximum number of shares authorised to be acquired (s166(3) (a)), which will usually be expressed as a percentage of the existing issued share capital.
(12) The scheme will be expressed to be conditional on the usual conditions (see paras 11.3.2 and 11.3.3 below) appropriately modified including inter alia the passing of any necessary resolutions by the bidder.
It is at least arguable that this is not the case as the consideration for the allotment of the shares (which are expressed to be credited as fully paid) must be the transfer of the shares in the target, because that is the only consideration which the offeror receives under the arrangement (apart from the merchant bank's commitment to pay cash to accepting shareholders, but that is cancelled by the offeror's commensurate obligation to procure accepting shareholders to authorise the offeror to allot the consideration shares to the merchant bank or as it directs, and so no net benefit flows to the offeror).
(It is my position that all surface metaphors can be thus expressed propositionally in an equative form in ordinary language.
It should be possible to express this underlying proposition in every linguistic realisation.
This can be formally expressed as: Since both U (utterer) and I (interpeter) have to be taken into account in this relationship, there is always an ordered pair: When all of these parameters are in place, the representation in a network of co-operation and non-co-operation begins to look very complex, as in Figure 2.
The uppermost node of the network in Figure 2 can be characterised as communicatively autonomous behaviour since the formal description expresses no interdependence between I and U at all.
In ordinary language, this node expresses the situation in which readers judge their own satisfaction as being solely dependent on their own processing efforts; and they judge the author's satisfaction as being purely a matter of the authorial effort of writing.
Reading experiences expressed by this node are characterised, in ordinary language, by the total dependence of the reader's satisfaction on whether he or she thinks that the author has enjoyed writing the text, on the basis additionally that the reader thinks that the author is satisfied by the enjoyment gained by readers' interpretative efforts.
The mutual dependency expressed here can be seen in an almost completely uncritical reading experience.
The focus, expressed in these quotations, is on the fact that some aspects of the passage did not conform to the readers' expectations.
Again, sentences only express propositions by virtue of specific contexts and a specific encoder within a deictic field.
Deictic relations are egocentric, but it is possible to annul this relation by expressing a relatum different from the egocentric one.
As readers we expect such a persona to describe a scene, dramatise some situation, and express feelings.
These examples provide clear evidence for Green's claim that the difference between literary and non-literary uses of deixis should be expressed in terms of a continuum, rather than in terms of a clearcut opposition.
The few reservations I have expressed about the encyclopedia are not intended to detract from its excellence.
In fact, Lok has made comparisons before this, when, as on this occasion, he was struggling to express his understanding of the new people: ""  "He changes shape like a bear in a cave"  "" and "" "He is like a cat and he is not like a cat.
The basic premise upon which much of this work is based is most succinctly expressed by William Downes: While Downes's statement alludes to an unfashionable humanist notion of dramatic character, it does provide us with a valuable starting point for the present discussion.
The point is, of course, that B might not have intended to communicate the assumption expressed by [15c].
In [26]they suggest that the extra contextual effects are derived by assuming that the speaker attaches a higher confirmation value to the proposition expressed than the hearer would have otherwise thought.
The article defines literature in opposition to other language uses as "a body of symbolic objects expressed in human language, possessing textual qualities of a non-institutional, homiletical kind" (p. 138).
This consists of a set of rules expressing the author's intention that readers construct a discourse situation taking place in a non-actual reference world, and involving a "substitute speaker" and a "substitute hearer" (Chapter 4).
De Man expresses the universal significance of an allegory of reading in terms of this tautology: We can see the confusion here between the narrative of the novel and the narrative constructed by reading, effected by the idea that one is the allegory of the other.
In spite of this justification, however, some groups still expressed misgivings about the selection of (i) as an opening.
Group 2 argued, for instance, that this configuration is not only cohesively linked by a broad lexical set including the items "rained" , "water" and "wet" , but it is also linked in terms of an implicit cause-and-effect relationship between the propositions expressed by each sentence.
Even more surprise was expressed at the sequencing of sentences in the descriptive frame of the story.
The "over-cohesiveness' in adjacent sentences (c) and (g) was commented on particularly, with workshop particpants expressing dissatisfaction at the repetitiveness of the" there were… "construction and the similarity of the phrases" in the courtyard "and" of the courtyard".
When they're doing that  others will be collating the information and hopefully er, the television cameras, B B C have expressed an interest in coming down and so have the newspapers  to actually do  erm  some sort of documentary on that, and put a display up in the school  and also down at the Royal Quays just linked to us.
But now women are meant to go along  on an even keel  and when something upsets them  they think tha e , I shouldn't be able to express this any more, so I'll go to the G P and he'll give me something and then the emotions will go away, but unfortunately they don't go away, they just go wandering, they'll come back again at another point.
That is we can express the flux simply by dividing by the Faraday constant.
If we're measuring the  m membrane current, which here I've called a macroscopic current because we're we're integrating over a whole area of membrane,this, with respect with any given channel will comprise can be expressed in terms of the number of channels which are present, the probability that each one of those channels is open, the open state probability, and in terms of the unitary current  of each channel, that is the single channel current.
Okay so this macroscopic current can be expressed in terms of the simply in terms of these three parameters which relate to the single channel properties.
It therefore becomes imperative that if we see an activation of the macroscopic current, that we are able to express that activation in terms of a change in one or the other of those  so-called microscopic parameters.
So we can express then the overall form of the action potential in terms of the differential activity, first of sodium channels and then of potassium ac channels.
Nao Naomi realizes there's no point talking about it now, the dye has been cast the decision has been made, the commitment has been entered into, whatever the cost she was going gods way, there was nothing more to be said about it  we find that a de a decision made before god and we all make those decisions, means nothing at all unless were determined to carry it through, whatever the cost may be, three women here make their decisions before god, they make their choices, Naomi she chooses to return to Judah once again and enjoy the inheritance god has given her, Auper she chooses to return to her own country and her own god, as far as were concerned that's the end of the story, but Ruth she chooses, she expresses her faith in the one true god, she turns her back on the old ways and decides to follow gods way, no matter what the cost, she would of said with Joshua, but as for me and my husband were gonna serve god, whatever the cost, I dunno what'll be and she didn't know what she was letting herself in for, and the, I counted it, although I don't know what it is, I counted that cost, I'm willing to pay it and Jesus said that that is the acid test of disciples, said to count the cost and weigh it up and Ruth had done that, then to make their decision  and because if we make a decision without counting the cost, without weighing it all up, like Auper you'll go back, it won't last, there is that choice for every one of us day by day, who will we serve, not to be like Joshua, its for us, never for any body else, I will serve the lord because and this is the reason for it, not because you've done nice things for me, I will be your saviour because he is god, that's the reason for our serving god, not because he blesses us because he blesses people who don't serve him, blessing is not exclusive to gods people, blessing, god blesses across the board, god is generous he's gracious, he causes the rain and the sun to shine on the just and on the unjust, blessing is not the ground for serving god, but because he is god that's sufficient reason for our committing ourselves to him.
You see, it wasn't their joy, it wasn't just because they were exuberant, they had already i di , expressed this joy back in verse eight, at the preaching of the gospel, there was much rejoicing in the city!
I think it it was a it it was a very bad er announcement for Lincolnshire, and er, on the strength of that, er, for the benefit of all of us in the county, I just like to lobe a few, as a minister for roads and traffic, er expressing our bitter disappointment really, 'cos it's er, particularly on the T S G, it's a, it's a cut of of er, of forty five per cent against the er er er national cut of of of of of of about half of that.
Well, I'd like to do, that we do do that, I mean, we have I think made some submissions in the past, but I think it's now quite clear that the fears that we've expressed in this committee over the years, are well founded, and we've got to the point, where the whole er project for the special needs people, is is going is going to be very vulnerable.
One of my constituents  that I read in the newspaper about the erm, the green way in which the party should be moving, and said that erm, he would like me to express my disquiet to  and I thought this, perhaps this would be quite a useful place to  his disquiet, but Council tax money is being spend on this sort of erm, work  when there are far more urgent erm, services needed in the County, and he would much rather have the highways, er, money from, which is now going into the Environment to go into highways, erm, so as er, Chairman  council, I'm passing his comments on to you, through this committee.
So I hope that you will agree or confirm the action that we've taken in expressing those sorts of views.
I hope that on that basis, first of all, that you agree with the views that we expressed in anticipation of your view, and secondly, erm, that we really do need to look at through you, these sort of aspects of pension management on behalf of the County Council.
Just to conclude, I share the view expressed already by Councillor , that just as the issue of the elderly persons homes brought about the loss of control for the Conservatives in , be sure the Health Service will bring about the downfall of the Conservatives in White Hall.
We have turned this Council round, reflecting as closely as possible the values that the community expressed in the local elections of May 1990 and May 1991.
I have written to Mrs  on behalf of the Council expressing our sorrow and extending a message of support to her in her and her family at this sad time.
They also express concern regarding this suggestion.
We would also hope that, should there be a need in the future to make a decision in Council regarding application for such a byelaw, you, the members, will give proper consideration to the views I have expressed on behalf of the ro responsible dog ownership group.
Many Heads have expressed to me their appreciation of what the lu Labour Group has done for them to rescue them from the plight that the Tories imposed on them.
A month ago the  committee Labour members rejected this Scheme and I still have an enormous sense of amazement and anger that the local, and I express local, because it's not a national policy, that the local Labour group could act in such a callous and spiteful way, putting political dogma, party political dogma, before the needs of the unemployed in the district.
This has been expressed by the acquisition of land by this council at Meridian and by placing the scheme in the capital programme as a high priority.
Now the the motion's expressing concern over the government's intention.
Mr Chairman er  when we discussed this last time  er I expressed the view that in fact er  the county council had better things to do  I've not changed my mind erm since but I have been reminded that er  when er  the  Roman Emperors er  found ascension in the  ranks  when Roman Emperors found ascension in the ranks  they  provided bread and circuses  and I have to say that I regard the two notices of motion which were placed in Mr   notably fox hunting and this debate on V A T as  bread and circuses.
The County Council's position is it doesn't feel able at the moment to express a definitive view on these three elements in respect of er of either sector.
As between the other three, I have not expressed a particular preference, but because no developer has come forward in connection with sector three, there has perhaps been less detailed attention paid to that sector the A fifty nine, than to others.
I er and I put that in solely as er as an update on the on the county council position as I expressed er earlier in the week.
It hasn't changed but as we said on Friday morning the D of E amongst others have sugg er expressed a view that the panel ought to try to come up with a general location if we can.
expressing the criteria.
Because my understanding of the situation is that Harrogate have expressed, I'll come to you in a moment Mr , Harrogate have expressed support in principal for the idea of a new settlement.
And Ryedale again have also expressed support for the idea of a new settlement.
And therefore whilst it may be that district councils will have to take some reservations, in expressing support.
Er I presume on the basis that Selby district council have expressed a support for them.
Er so to that extent local preference is not satisfied in that case, even though Selby district council have expressed a preference.
Er not necessarily in the way you've expressed it.
And in fact if if  if if er we look along this line, at the moment we as I said in my introduction we have two districts or three districts who have expressed support for the principal, and of those of those one has given a clear indication that it would, this might be too, er high a phrase, welcome a new settlement, within its district.
I would say however, that it's not been tested whilst, and whilst there isn't a a clear expression of local preference in terms of the population, I think my elected members who represent that particular area would say that they are expressing local views when they have spoken against the new settlement.
Can we move on and look at what Mr  has er expressed as landscape impact.
Can I just express my e concern that erm Mr  is using this examination in public as a an opportunity to knock other schemes in the Greater York area.
And so they were aware when that er that view was expressed of the differing effects.
It wasn't a marginal decision, the the sum total of the inner routes er represent  thirty percent of those er expressing a view whereas the one outer route attracted seventy percent of the response in favour.
The case in fact that was put forward by the North Yorkshire County Council Highways and Traffic committee was in fact that the need as so clearly expressed by Mr  is that it is the A fifty nine that needs the relief more than anything else an therefore the proposal is that the northern relief road be it an inner or an outer, be built first.
Er that all of that has actually been quantified in financial terms to be expressed against the simple value of the gains that you're talking about.
Er I will I will hand over but let me just say this that my instinct is that it a policy expressed in the way you've you've suggested is just superfluous because all you're doing is describing in in a po in upper case letters, the situation as it is and that that my answer is that it would that there would be no need for such a it would be gratuitously ap it's an unnecessary statement.
Now there are various ways in which a policy could be expressed but the policy that's come up erm from North Yorkshire and the fact that it is deported by the district who would be defining that policy and interpreting it in view of their local circumstances in due course, I think er makes it a powerful factor in arguing why it should be included in the structure plan as to whether such a policy may or may not be necessary.
Erm there's also a view been expressed that well if you're going to have it it may need some more guidance than is presently written into it.
And it's right therefore that a policy should express that explicitly within the structure plan.
And if we are not looking for something which is as restrictive as greenbelt we ought neither to be expressing in whatever terms a presumption or describing something which is permissible as an exception.
Just as a matter of interest  I was gonna bring up onto the er planning minutes for the tenth of January but as I wasn't allowed er The I had a phone call from the electricity board following the erm erm discussions that we had about the power supply on  Road, they'd received a follow up enquiry from the press, if you recall we expressed concern that we thought that  secured following the harsh winter three years ago .
He's aware of concern expressed by  Parish Council and he's going to see them and he will be very happy to come and er speak to us and answer any questions that we wish him to, so I advised him to contact the clerk to make arrangements.
Certainly  representations have been made er which express any disagreement with the proposals in in those areas.
In Harrogate District two opposing views have been expressed, Harrogate Civic Society seeking a reduction in the allocation by at least we think of er something in the order of ten hectares, David Lock and Associates expressing the view that at least a hundred, a hundred plus a hectares should be allocated.
On the issue of Selby which er took quite a lot of time er I think it was an important area er bearing in mind the different views that have been expressed.
Yeah, I got one, expressing a view, got to be the one
Expressing a view.
Er, you express yourself  appropriately, because you will be confident and know what you're doing.
certainly prior to the nineteen ninety two legislation erm in relation to what was  er the  was er required  application but as you see since nineteen ninety two legislation, that petition was changed erm and in terms of the resolutions, we suggest  that  recognise the people concerned  Hertfordshire and that they are taking into account  the applications  erm that we continue to work basically with H M I  pollution aspects and that we respond to the Department of the Environment er expressing our concerns er er erm way in which er  consultation has changed and in fact  us.
Chairman  erm I'd  start erm by  for the Labour Group motion  committee like  people also who erm  have actually sort of written to us  letters  repeat what they said but the vast vast majority that  erm have expressed the genuine concerns of the people who have left work .
It was claimed that the plaintiff should be compensated for care of her parents to the full commercial rate in accordance with the principles expressed in Abbel .
The legal position in relation to the ag arrangement is uncertain  since it is not expressed to provide it for  in the will of Mrs  who is, who is the very kindly elderly  neighbour who is the landlord, but is only contained in a letter of Mrs  from whom I have not heard in evidence.
My Lord the er plaintiff's case is that as a result of the advice that he was given by Mr  er it was clear to him that he had no way out of this contract, that he was committed to it and that he had no choice but to proceed with the matter and there was then er further discussion on the telephone on this day, Friday, between Mr  and Mr  to where they were going here and Mr  said he would now write to the plaintiff setting out what his options were to him and the letter than was sent by Mr  was dated the twenty second of October and the letter, the relevant terms of this letter are set out in a statement of claim expressing  at paragraph three  eleven of this statement saying  and of course er that is admitted by the er defendant.
The case of the plaintiff is that he should still have been told and advised about the er availability of this provision, particularly when he was clearly er fearful of the financial consequences to him of completing this and when he was expressing those fears forcefully er to Mr .
Our client had it in telephone conversation with the bank on ninth of September only proceeded with the proposed purchase on the express understanding that Frinton property was not to be included particularly as his father's companion a Mrs  eighty years of age, was residing in the property and owned a half share of it.
Er, my Lord I have to say that as far as the expert evidence from the accountant is concerned it is only Mr  who has er offered an opinion, expressed an opinion  upon that issue.
The option is expressed and remained effective for ten years.
And my Lord a short  part I wish to refer you to and that is on page a hundred and seventy nine  which is er the section when the judge was dealing with  er the law of duty  and the judge Mr Justice  said during the trial I express some concern  to what evidence has been called  it is not necessary to refer to lawyers professional liability by .
Well if that were so my Lord then there would never be any  any solicitor's negligence claims, in which any expert was ever called to give evidence  because it's always going to be eventually a matter of law as to what the defendant's duty is but what the er  what the plaintiff had not said at any stage is that a matter of law is ever going to be admissible and in fact the  is Justice  our  in the course of er er a case in which he, despite expressing reservations about the admissibility of the evidence, plainly admitted it because he was  within the course of his judgement.
Mr  the headmaster has recently applied to Paul's present local authority London Borough of Merton for a classroom assistant for Paul for thirty hours per week  he does not know whether he will get that or a lesser number of hours or none at all, he was repeatedly, in my view quite rightly, extremely reluctant to express any view about what the outcome of his application maybe, but, rather force time is to which we have to guess, his guess was that ten hours might be afforded but he was at pains to emphasize that that was pure guess work.
I think it right to bear in mind the evidence of Mr  a solicitor now specializing in re-habilitation work who is himself alas wheelchair bound, erm, he has directly relevant experience and he expressed the view that er two ramps leading up to the vehicle from the rear could be unsafe and were in his view generally less satisfactory than the platform with which the  conversion equips the Nissan Serena, in those circumstances it seems to me I really have no choice but to er adopt the alternative of the  conversion and er there is an agreed figure of thirty nine thousand, eight hundred and sixty six pounds in relation to that.
because at that meeting you can imagine that twenty people gathering then you end up not really making any decisions, far too many people, there was a lot discussed and aired and it concerns expressed and it was a case, and I'm going from recollection here, it was really a case of let's go away and think about it and calm down and look at it rationally
Sometimes they express patriotic sentiments.
Right,it it's really just expressing disapproval of the idea on this sort of testing isn't it.
Right er you will have gathered probably that Mark wanted to ask a question  I'll let him start  written down and also express his concerns here.
First one  concerning A. In view of the level of con concern expressed  on police funding, would the chairman of the Police authority agree that some f that some protection of Police funds locally and nationally may be necessary.
Well actually  people in my area do have a concern about this, also though  I was brought up  in my teens at least within a rural area  and I know full well  that to hold certain views  even those of the majority within rural areas, are not necessarily easily expressed  and I have today been told of yet another example  of this being the case.
Also I express surprise at the Labour leader's volte face a short while ago in the press  he reported that he had more important matters to think about, or discuss insofar as fox  fox hunting was concerned or words to that effect.
A lot of people anticipated a lot of ill feel , well  a lot of ill feeling being expressed.
expressing yourselves, express yourself
erm but er trying to get down as many points as we could, in a way that you can express yourself but to show that you were
Interestingly Caroline expressed both those needs at different times during that presentation.
American Express?
Just before introducing our  final speaker today, I would wish, because I would think you would want this, for me to express thanks to the two key people on my staff who are responsible for organising today.
It would probably to appropriate for me to er second the motion in Welsh  er, but as you're  and neither the English  Welsh  I would just like to say a few things, one, to express the appreciation of my council for the  and secondly, to
Rational and irrational, it's just a sort of, the Greeks had a funny term for it, if you can express it as a fraction, think, seventy five over two hundred and ninety seven, then it's a rational number.
Get numbers that you can't express exactly?
You can't express exactly?
Mhm, no, you expressed that very precisely.
And increasingly complaints from businesses, complaints about unfair competition, erm the second point is that the, the  report has been sent to vote upon  now, but also to a number of er business and consumer organisations in the county a range of views is being expressed in response, as you'd expect, but in general terms most recognised there are particular trading, trend and pattern  which needs to be addressed erm but most have all especially with the er display of this  same as registration some form of registration must on the national basis would be erm a, a solution to this support.
In the same way it is essential that we await the results of that questionnaire and that we discuss with the District Council the long term redevelopment of that airfield and so I think it would be more helpful in expressing our concern of course about the decision and  version of it which I will admit came as a shock because my understanding was they would be there for two, three, or four years yet.
But first of all I'd like to congratulate the officers on the report er I'm sure that those people who have been reading the reports and officers of the County Council for some years er will have probably er, er it's been a long time since they've read one that's been expressed in such strong terms.
So Mr  is actually going to er talk about that but I just wanted to go through a little sort of resolution, I mean if, if you looked at it, if you looked at number one, it says express this opposition to further expansion and then it goes on and lists Stansted and Luton, but this expansion goes now I mean Stansted is expanding erm daily.
Yeah,Ch cha chair, it is possible for Mr  by moving a, another small but you know, perhaps relatively insignificant motion on, on this same item, as we've not moved to the next one, and I will, I will happily second it, in order to enable him to speak to it, erm, to actually express the views, and very valuable ones, which he does hold.
Erm, I too endorse the er views expressed by other members, but I think it's also worth commenting on the work that, and contribution that's made of voluntary, by by volunteers to the work of the archivist, which is referred to in the report.
Right, so the motion is to note the report and to express our appreciation and support for the work of the county archivist.
I'm a member of the Institution of Electrical Engineers and er because I'm by background an electronics engineer and I was at a meeting there where a chap was giving a talk on  design express lifts you know at Northampton and the Chairman stood up and introduced doctor whoever he was sat down turned round to me in the second row and said could you give a vote of thanks at the end.
Yes er but what do they express then
could express feelings yes.
On the cluster erm not having in fact had any erm work on this type of thing before I didn't realise that holding a paper could close you down and in fact without moving my feet I wasn't getting movement I was just static and with no use of the hands you were  to express yourself sufficiently.
As you know I've er been holding a number of er small meetings with staff er  and one of the questions I've been asking is whether or not there has been a need for the  building presentation that we've done for a couple of years er and generally there was the view expressed that yes it was desirable but perhaps in a different format.
In making those recommendations they made clear they took into account the recommend the representations made and views expressed to them whilst complying with the statutory requirement that they should aim to recommend the European parliamentary constituencies with as nearly as possible equal electorates.
Mr Deputy Speaker that strong sympathy expressed at the time of the last debate on these matters was approved overwhelmingly by the Labour party conference last October and I state that for the record less there be any misunderstanding about our position on the issue of voting systems.
Can I conclude Madam Deputy Speaker, once again, by expressing my gratitude to the auditing practices board and the many other professional bodies who've been involved in considering this legislation.
Now whilst the minister quite understandable pays tribute er to those who spent some considerable time and effort in getting the practice notes right and responding to the government's proposals, it is fair to say that there are many, not just in the auditing industry, but those who represent the companies who are audited who have expressed a number of concerns, a minister has mentioned some, the relations with the client for example.
But what I am saying in context, no this has a deal to do with the co boundaries, as you know erm the honourable member well knows, the essence of this  this is wholly inappropriate in terms of erm trying to latest citizenship through an arrangement of six additional boundaries into a erm union and a political state and I think that that is the profound objection that this side of the house has expressed over a long period of time now, is a reflection of the public mood in the country in respect of this election and the way the boundaries er are are erm apportioned and all I say in conclusion is  that this is an evidence further of the irrelevance of this house in reflecting and attesting to public opinion outside.
There was no justification for the ban in the first place  and is the Secretary of State not concerned that the International Labour Organisation has expressed much concern over the continuing ban and it may well be that in view of the fact that the government is not willing to compromise in any way the I L O may well decide to formally rebuke and reprimand the government.
Er Madam Speaker  I  I entirely agree with the sentiments which have been expressed by Black and Decker and I have to say to members opposite that when companies like Mercedes are starting to source outside of Germany, with companies like Volkswagen are starting to look er outside Europe and Peugeot and others, alarm bells should be ringing for those members who are genuinely concerned about jobs because there is no doubt that the social chapter is driving people out of work and the longer that members opposite adhere to it er then the  the greater will be the  er the possibility o of er people er in Europe er embracing policies which will make those countries in Europe less competitive and less able to provide employment.
Er would the leader of the house then express his concern  that at the end of the March when the tory party conference comes to Plymouth, there's a hundred and thirty five children are going to miss a day and a half of their schooling because of that conference.
Yes, but is my Noble Friend aware that the point of view expressed in the question put by the Noble Lord, Lord  and my Noble Friend the Noble Lord  would represent the point of view of most parents who are concerned about having religious education at the beginning?
I then zealous to understand I I er, er, erm sought it  Statutes, Volume thirty-three nineteen ninety three edition and studied most carefully pages six hundred and seventy-five to six hundred and seventy-seven and there I found an account of what has happened to Sections two and three and also for the first time light was shed upon Section two A. My Lords, I have from time to time ventured to express some doubt as to whether our legislative procedures were as excellent, as I'm sure Your Lordships would wish them to be and when I recently suggested in the most mild terms to Her Majesty's Government that they might consider some form of enquiry into our legislative procedures to see whether as they were as high class as they should be, erm  I was given a very negative reply the clear influence of which was that the our legislative procedures could not possibly be improved and My Lords I do really think with respect that that is a proposition which is open to doubt.
I should make it clear that although these amendments have been grouped together by agreement, they do not all express the same point of view.
It is er er the police auth authorities are would not be robust to changes of government, they would not be responsive to the leads of local people as expressed through their elected members and the er the Government's proposals are inadequate as a final  remind the Committee that at second reading thirty f er five out of thirty seven speakers spoke against largely against th the tenor of the Bill with er er wi with with various reservations o of all kinds.
I wish to record my gratitude to my Right Honourable Friend, the Home Secretary for his immediate understanding and the recognition of the very strong feelings expressed during the second reading debate by Your Lordships in all parts of the House.
I think the Home Secretary has gone a long way to meet many anxieties which were expressed
Now the police authorities a and the local authorities and the magistrates may be thought to be indulging in special preening, but I do assure Your Lordships that they really are not alone in expressing their anxieties er about the er er er this bill and what it proposes, for example, if I may, I would like to refer to a letter which I received from Justice, chaired by my Noble Friend Lord Alexander of  and with his Vice-chairman er er Lord  and er they say as an all-party human rights organisation, Justice considers that the composition of police authorities is an important constitutional issue effecting the independence of policing.
Although we accept the Government's recent concessions go some way to meeting the concerns expressed at second reading, we believe an additional amendment is crucial.
Er but the most characteristic kind of war er our i is rather limited war a and violence need not necessarily be expressed in the form of erm a formal attack, it can be used of course to threaten or to deter.
Doesn't, doesn't automatically follow just because the president expresses a wish that it, that it happens.
O K, I'll go from there, the effect of the course is a team focus course for T N T Express.
Jenny ,, she's worked for Express for three and half months, and she previously worked for A N C, er, on their pallet service in Sheffield and South Yorkshire area.
Yes, here's John , and he's worked for Express for nearly four years.
She came across erm, T N T in the Overnight days, erm, and I've had the pleasure of working with Linda right the way through the seven years, through Overnight, and Express.
who was a major customer of T N T,Express unfortunately, erm, it's a promotion company.
I've only been in the industry, I've only been with this company for two and half years, and when I joined and had a look at what the industry was about, there were thirty express overnight carriers.
Today there are twenty eight national overnight, express carriers, because two of them stopped trading.
One, Federal Express just decided it wouldn't do it any more, and other other one Elan, a couple of weeks ago, or last week or whatever it was, decided it couldn't afford to do it any more.
Now what is actually talked about, he splits down into two, he splits it down into Express, which is next day, not , all next day, and general which is two day and three day.
And then he got on to explain what the items were, seventy five percent of the items went next day, and ninety thousand went, I'm sorry, and er, and twenty five percent went two day, three day, and if you divide one into the other, what it means is that two point one consignments  two me , sorry, two point one items per consignment went Express, and six items per consignment, general.
And with this go, I've just got to go on through this, the average weight of an consignment Express, or on next day is twenty eight kilos, and if you're talking about two day, three day, it was ninety nine kilos.
The good stuff is here, where you're talking about sixty six percent of you trailer as being Express, you're talking about the consignments on a trailer, the items on a trailer, and then that, the revenue per trailer, why do you want to move it next day?
Bring back the express so , it doesn't sort of highlight it, because they don't have tiers of  borrowed storage all over the place.
When you get people on to a sort of Noddy Goes Selling course, which is the first one you come on, you are expected to believe that when you leave here anybody who doesn't use T N T Express would be absolutely crazy, and that everybody you're going to talk to is going to bite your arm off as long as you stay with your boyfriend.
What does T N T Express do?
Only the right words to express the way you're feeling.
To express a picture or an image that he's got.
All the members here will know that I have recently erm sent out a circular letter expressing my concern as to where the system doesn't seem to be working properly and asking for your help and cooperation in giving me information on just exactly  where it is falling down.
I think what we will do, erm certainly a lot of concern was expressed at the last meeting that this er forum should  should die er but I don't think it will I think it is very simple, to set aside one meeting a year, devote it to cycles and invite the same people who have coming from the party .
If I might secondly Mr Mayor address some of the concerns that have been expressed and no doubt, will doubt be expressed later on.
Erm, I mean I think if we're wishing to analyse the application, I I think we must consider what it doesn't do for the village, and I think there are a number of aspects that have to be considered, erm, first of all as a village, and I've heard in this very Parish Council that the reputed view made that there is a need for small village accommodation, this development certainly does not provide that, we've also expressed a view that it would be nice to retain the existing bungalow, because that is small village accommodation, and although it only has a very limited history, again it would be nice to retain it as an integral part of the village.
The angle must be expressed in radians, not degrees.
Whilst the computer is quite happy dealing with angles expressed in radians, you may prefer to express angles in degrees.
The example below sets Y to the cosine of the angle "degree_angle" expressed in degrees.
You can use this function to convert an angle expressed in radians to degrees.
Unlike humans, BBCBASIC(Z80) wants angles expressed in radians.
You can use this function to convert an angle expressed in degrees to radians before using one of the angle functions (SIN, COS, etc).
The angle must be expressed in radians, not degrees.
Whilst the computer is quite happy dealing with angles expressed in radians, you may prefer to express angles in degrees.
The example below sets Y to the sine of the angle "degree_angle" expressed in degrees.
The angle must be expressed in radians, not degrees.
Whilst the computer is quite happy dealing with angles expressed in radians, you may prefer to express angles in degrees.
The example below sets Y to the tangent of the angle "degree_angle" expressed in degrees.
Such an order has inheritance tax advantages (if dissolution of the marriage has taken place), a saving in the HM Land Registry  fees is available (see Chapter 3 and generally) and, as any financial provision can be expressed in the order to be in full and final settlement of the wife's claims (see Chapter 11), it is less likely to be upset than an agreement between the parties not carried into a "consent order" (see for instance Dinch v Dinch [1987]1 WLR 252 where the court refused to make a further order on the grounds that the consent order had conclusively determined the rights of the parties in the matrimonial home).
Where no express covenant is given by the transferee, the Revenue takes the view that one is implied unless a contrary intention is shown (and may always be implied where property was previously in joint names with both parties jointly liable on the mortgage).
Clearly, if the court orders the conveyance, or if the conveyance is by agreement to satisfy the claim of the wife, it will be inappropriate for the husband to convey "as settlor" since the conveyance is not a voluntary disposition or settlement; for this to be an effective covenant the conveying party must not only be expressed to convey as "settlor" , he must actually be a settlor (see Fay v Miller Wilkins & Co [1941]Ch 360, although Emmet on Title (19th edn, Longman, para 14.003) expresses doubts concerning this decision).
Express mention of the beneficial owner covenants will imply on the part of the assignor that the terms of the lease with regard to maintenance, decoration and repair have been complied with; this may not be so especially if the husband has been absent from the property for some time (see generally Butler v Mountview Estates [1951]2 KB 563).
(See Precedent 3.)(b) Registered land In the case of registered land (whether freehold or leasehold) the wording of r76 of the Land Registration Rules 1925 (SR & O 1925 No 1093) suggests that if the husband is expressed to convey as "beneficial owner" (whether or not there is any consideration) these covenants for title will be implied.
The position cannot be regarded as free from doubt and it is therefore recommended that the express provision set out in Precedent 2 be incorporated in the transfer.
A transfer of registered land made otherwise than for valuable consideration is subject to all minor interests (see Land Registration Act 1925, ss20(4) and 23(5)); the taking of the express "beneficial owner" covenants gives the wife the additional protection that if in fact the property is subject to any claim or demand not previously revealed, not only would any right of action in respect thereof against the husband be better founded, but the implied covenant for further assurance (implied in the beneficial owner covenants but not in the covenant as "trustee" ) will require the husband to execute and do all assurances and things necessary for further assuring the subject matter of the transfer.
In order that the transferor be relieved from liability in respect of lack of repair prior to the transfer (see p32) express mention to that effect should be made in the transfer, a copy of which might prudently be retained to avoid asking the registrar to exercise his discretion under r290 above.
In the absence of such memorandum or the registration of a petition or receiving order in bankruptcy against any of the joint tenants in HM Land Charges Registry, a purchaser of the legal estate is entitled to treat the survivor as solely and beneficially interested if that survivor is expressed to convey a beneficial owner or if the conveyance includes a statement that such survivor is solely and beneficially interested in the legal estate (Law of Property (Joint Tenants) Act 1964).
Where the wife and new husband are to hold as beneficial joint tenants it is not strictly necessary to incorporate an express power of sale and purport to extend the powers of the trustees of the conveyance in the conveyance since the Law of Property Act 1925 (ss35 and 36) already implies that they will hold upon the "statutory trusts" .
If the charge on the property in favour of the husband is not for a fixed amount but is expressed to be equivalent, for example, to one third of the net proceeds of sale, then the husband has acquired a chargeable asset (Marren v Ingles [1980]1 WLR 983) and payment of the capital sum by way of redemption of the charge would appear to be a disposal for capital gains tax purposes (TCGA 1992, s22).
But they take the interpretive attitude toward these abstract propositions, and their opinions about Elmer's legal rights express an interpretation rather than a direct and uncontroversial application of the institution of legislation.
If conventionalism is to provide a distinct and muscular conception of law, therefore, with even remote connections to the family of popular attitudes we took it to express, then it must be strict, not soft, conventionalism.
It requires that the various standards governing the state's use of coercion against its citizens be consistent in the sense that they express a single and comprehensive vision of justice.
We assume, in both the individual and the political cases, that we can recognize other people's acts as expressing a conception of fairness or justice or decency even when we do not endorse that conception ourselves.
The idea of political integrity personifies the community in the second way, as a working personification, because it assumes that the community can adopt and express and be faithful or unfaithful to principles of its own, distinct from those of any of its officials or citizens as individuals.
Integrity is flouted not only in specific compromises of that character, however, but whenever a community enacts and enforces different laws each of which is coherent in itself, but which cannot be defended together as expressing a coherent ranking of different principles of justice or fairness or procedural due process.
The words, ideas or questions in a pupils mind — the words used to express a need for information — are derived from classroom discussion, introductory materials, worksheets and the language used by the teacher.
In most cases, the need for information is expressed in subject rather than bibliographic details (one exception often being fiction) and the development of a curriculum-based indexing language is one of the most important aspects of the design of a database.
Pupils are capable of articulating a need for information and expressing that need in terms of curriculum-based concepts and keywords.
"Leftism" came to mean opposition to the National government and criticism of the Labour Party's failure to express that opposition more strongly.
Majority opinion in the ILP was best expressed in the resolution moved on behalf of the Rugby Branch, which argued for continued affiliation on the basis of a satisfactory revision of Parliamentary Standing Orders.
He wrote: The big thing in developing the United Front is to agitate and bring the masses into activity around the particular issues and to get organisation (Committees), expressing and representing the actual character of the movement.
The policy at which the League had arrived reflected the discontent with Parliamentary methods which dominated the ILP and the Communist Party though it was expressed in less revolutionary and more "managerial" terms.
The Comintern Secretariat cabled a reply on 30 April, welcoming the Conference decision, and expressing its readiness to begin negotiations with the NAC.
The official majority viewpoint on the other hand, was expressed by Brockway and Maxton, who were hostile to the Communist Party and constantly aware of the dangers of isolation.
On the following day Maxton and Brockway met Arthur Hender who expressed his sympathy with their request but once again repeated that the Labour party would not join any United Front which included the Communist Party.
The Comintern expressed righteous indignation at such an attack, although eighteen months later it tacitly accepted all these points.
There was no device comparable to the annual conferences of individual unions or affiliated socialist societies at which Constituency Labour opinion could be expressed.
Left agitation against "appeasement" and rearmament, however contradictory, expressed sentiments widespread in the country by 1939, sentiments which led to the repudiation of the government's foreign policy, either explicitly or implicitly, by leading members of all three major political parties.
In fairness to its selectors one must stress the virtual absence of any important body of writing expressing an alternative Left viewpoint.
A laudatory reference to the foreign policy of the Soviet Union had been excluded and the Manifesto expressed opposition to the National Government's proposals for rearmament.
The Communists had gone so far towards accepting any ally that the Daily Worker expressed hopes that "this may prove to be a new, broad democratic movement, based primarily on the youth of the country" .
Bitter criticism of Communist policy was continually expressed in previously favourable journals like Tribune .
As an instance, the taxonomic status of one of the common abomasal parasites of ruminants may be expressed as shown in the next column.
The names of the genus and species are expressed in Latin form, the generic name having a capital letter, and  they must be in grammatical agreement.
Her tone expressed the warmth that flowed through her heart as she added, looking into his eyes with a smile, ‘And so that Silvia and I can start making up for lost time.’
They seemed to express her own helplessness, for it was true: she had been unable to stop herself from falling in love, and even now, underneath all the adulation and the triumph of her public life, her love was as rock-solid — and as hopeless — as ever.
When she finished there was a second's silence, then the warmth of the company expressed itself in a burst of applause.
She drew a breath as he gazed at it for an instant, watching its slow movements, the gentle opening of its tiny mouth as if expressing surprise.
As the long silence lengthened between them Laura desperately tried to find some adequate words to express her disgust at his actions.
Rachel had imagined that the accident would put paid to Family Day and that the other activities, including the firework display, would be cancelled, but within the hour a message came through from the hospital from Sir Anthony to say that, because miraculously there had been no fatalities, with even the pilot surviving his injuries, it was his express wish that the Family Day celebration should continue.
Her heart was racing like an express train as she saw that the look in his eyes was as gentle as his hold, as he told her, ‘Neither did I!’
‘You just expressed a somewhat urgent desire to go to bed.’
It expressed what she would almost certainly feel in the morning.
And it brought back last night's powerful sensations, steaming through her system like an express train.
All these people were smacking her on the back, and touching her and congratulating her, and expressing surprise and delight.
Lori's suite was several floors above, but the express lift whisked her upwards, so that in no time at all she was knocking on the door.
The blood which flowed in his veins meant that, as well as expressing his emotions with the dramatic use of his hands, Vitor d'Arcos was a proud man — and she doubted he had ever begged anyone for anything in his entire life.
‘And if he could express an opinion I've no doubt he'd say he cared, too — cared deeply.
And I wasn't jealous of Victoria, you know — just expressing a preference for a less flamboyant evening.’
The Range Rover was crammed with so much food as they finally set off for Brides Haven that Leonora expressed doubt that the boat would carry it all.
Damian considered her too inexperienced sexually to be able to fulfil that longing of his to express himself fully through the body.
Clothes were irrelevant…only flesh mattered to her where Damian was concerned, because she did not just want the hard, ambitious chairman of the board, but the man of flesh and blood whom she loved more powerfully than she could put into words, and only the silent communication of their bodies allowed her to express that love…
Yes…!’ and felt him strip, the feel of his hair-roughened skin against hers driving her wild because now he was so real, so completely real, and so completely hers as they moved together naked, and she took the physical desire he expressed for her and pretended it was love, because it was the deepest display of emotion he had ever shown her.
All she had was his husky voice as he made love to her, his body against hers, and the chance to pretend to herself that he might love her as he expressed emotion through lovemaking day after day, night after night…
‘And when you love a woman,’ he said under his breath, ‘it doesn't necessarily follow that you want to express that physically.
‘I had to express what I was feeling.
But at least we can express them all when we make love, release them in a fierce cross-current, emotional, mental and physical unity.’
She turned to express some of her thanks to him, but he was already out of the car and round by the passenger door opening it for her.
‘Not a thing, other than that you'd expressed a wish to go there, and I wanted to see you.’
well not exactly g gonna be on the defensive because it's, I don't, it's, it's, it's no less, it's no less genuine, you know it's, it's part, it's, it's, it's a view that they can express in different circumstances,
erm as regards correlating things together and bunging them into the same factor analysis model and stuff like that er even if the questions are a bit different I think you can still do that legitimately because it's still sort of expressing the strength of opinion on some sort of scale erm so I don't see that that'll er interfere with the ambitions you've got as regards the data erm  so er
erm so er it's sometimes possible to borrow from the university but they usually, they usually make it very difficult for one so er oh thanks, erm  so erm  anyway because with a thing like people's accounts of dreams you may want to sort of go back and look at them, you know, sort of how people have expressed them in their own words, they may have er you know produced some nice interesting quotes or something like that
er you know express the dream in or express their feelings about it.
Meanwhile in the supermarket car park only a few hundred yards from the scene of the rape, women expressed their shock at what had happened:
ROSS BENSON/Daily Express
Daily Express Diarist Ross Benson was amazed at the frankness of the interview.
For Mae it was almost all too much and only this morning — a day into her new life in Northampton — was she ready to express her feelings.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has expressed concern at the refusal of some clergy to accept the vote of the Synod.
Labour's defence spokesman has expressed fears that a missile system being developed in the region could fall into the hands of Iraq.
Squatters have long felt they're at the receiving end of a bad press and have have welcomed tonight's opportunity to express their side of the story.
Cheltenham Borough Council has passed a motion expressing its outrage at the murder and has promised to imrove security in the town.
But after seeeing the pictures one of Britain's top stuntmen expressed serious doubts about the safety of the act.
The organisation Liberty has expressed concern that such widespread surveillance could infringe personal liberties.
The FBI is already trying out the test and the United States army has expressed an interest in being able to have a genetic record of all its personnel.
In a statement, gloucestershire police said: We can confirm that the family have expressed some concern over police activity, the matter has been refered to the independant police complaints authority which will supervise inquiries concerning the death.
Local people have again expressed fears about safety from jets flying in and out of the base.
An all-party select committee on the future of the railways has expressed fears about fares and safety.
Most of the redundancies at Express Lifts will be at the company's headquarters in Northampton, where it employs eight hundred people.
MPs, too, have expressed their concern — Greville Janner chairs the Commons Select Committee on Employment.
Britain and the United States have expressed concern about the Earth Summit in Rio saying that industrial nations cannot afford expensive environmental protection in a time of recession.
He'd managed to walk out of a locked ward at the Fairmile psychiatric hospital, and it's thought he threw himself under an express train.
The parents of a young man who fell to his death from an express train say there are still unanswered questions about how it happened.
Although I fully understand and share the concern that has been widely expressed about the implications of this case, I have no plans to institute any formal inquiry.
They've sent me flowers and choclates, and they've expressed a desire to accommodate the two young men who've done this at their own institutions
Joyce Miller was walking past a bank when gunmen opened fire as security express guards were unloading money.
And Joyce has received official thanks from the company Security Express, as well as a top commendation from Saint John ambulance.
While stadium staff spent the day clearing up at Brafield, the organisers expressed regret at the number of arrests, but insisted that Saturday night's rave is the shape of things to come…
Meanwhile relatives of Paul Ride, imprisoned for illegally entering Iraq, have also expressed their concern about the raid.
The two robbers banged on the side of the Security Express van, spread-eagled one of the guards before shooting him in the legs.
Work's already begun on an electrified Paddington to Heathrow express.
The National Heritage Minister, David Mellor, has expressed support for the project, along with surviving codebreakers.
Objectors expressed a strong concern Thames Water hadn't proved the demand for such a big reservoir.
Concern's been expressed by some parents about the violent nature of the film which is PG rated, allowing children of all ages to see it.
Concern's been expressed by some parents about the violent nature of the film which is PG rated, allowing children of all ages to see it.
An express train ploughed into it at (70) seventy miles an hour.
It was struck by a crowded express train from Paddington travelling at a hundred miles an hour along the Great Western line near Swindon.
At a rally in London, they expressed their anger at the proposed changes in the way they work.
Two young constables who joined the force just over a year ago expressed concern at a plan to judge police performance on the number of arrests.
The authority also expressed its deeepest sympathy for Miss Howard and its admiration for her courage.
Tension was mounting as preparations got underway for the first ever race between a balloon, a steamroller…and a narrowboat.As entrants arrived for the annual steam rally at Upton, the contestants in the battle of the giants were all expressing optimism.Balloonist Chris Viles reckoned he was in with a good chance:
A Bishop has expressed deep concern over the behaviour of one of his vicars who ordered a television camera out of his garden.
High Court Judge Mr Justice Rougier has cleared Oxfordshire Health Authority of any blame but expressed his deepest sympathy for Mr Atkinson.
A shopkeeper has made a poster out of a letter he received from the Prime Minister's office expressing optimism about the state of the economy.
A shopkeeper has made a poster out of a letter he received from the Prime Minister's office expressing optimism about the state of the economy.
Leyhill prison on the Gloucestershire Avon border is as far from the popular conception of a jail as you can get.Modern buildings cluster around borders boasting blooms that many public parks would be hard pressed to match.Leyhill is an open prison…the last port of call for inmates nearing the end of their sentences.A hundred prisoners work on the nearly forty acres of lawns, borders and market gardens.Their skills won them a silver medal at Chelsea for this display of garden design.And at Leyhill, they've created a spectacular show…with drifts of brightly coloured pelargoniums competing for attention with giant cannas…and a fine show of roses.New borders are being created all the time…giving the prisoners an opportunity to express themselves and learn techniques that could help them go straight when they're released:
Sent to Drake Hall Womens Prison in Staffordshire The twenty one year old judge's daughter appears to have encountered a regime of drugs and drink with stories of sex and easy access according to the Daily Express.
Her accounts come from letters to a penpal and published in the Daily Express.
In it he expresses concern about the actions of a number of officers, including the Deputy Chief Constable Dirk Aldous.
In it he expresses concern about the actions of a number of officers, including the Deputy Chief Constable Dirk Aldous.
Valerie conducted a survey of parents in the village and has found that 30 children would definitely want to attend the school, and another 26 have expressed an interest.
Using a mixture of conventional and special toys, they'll encourage children to express their anger and emotion; hopefully learning how to heal the scars and carry on with their lives.
All aboard the curry express: A piping hot Indian restaurant meal served at a hundred and twenty five miles an hour.
British Rail enlisted the services of the Jaipur restaurant in Milton Keynes to prepare and serve a one-off Indian menu on the 5:15 Euston to Wolverhampton Express.
The opportunity is for ministers to address the supporters of the party without any filtering of the views they want to express.
The Bishop's comments come after fears expressed by Oxfam, which yesterday celebrated it's 50th birthday.
Police are questioning a man about the fire at the Microfilm Express laboratories at Radley in Oxfordshire.
They have as much interest in learning to talk as any other child, but because they have less control over the muscles in the mouth, it's harder for them to express themselves.
Earlier, the Princess issued a statement expressing her outrage and distress over the affair.
Meanwhile they've expressed hope that all concerned will be left alone to put Hannah's death behind them.
The mother of a three year old boy believed to have dropped a baby girl who was found dead at a playgroup has expressed symapathy for the child's family.
Meanwhile they've expressed hope that all concerned will be left alone to put Hannah's death behind them.
The local council was left to express their views.
But it also gives them space to express themselves.
The court expressed dismay that Wiltshire Social Services had called in a voluntary agency — the NSPCC — to help look after him.
Some now come with the option of automatic transmission, and a small number are even available with air conditioning — previously the exclusive domain of the ultimate petrol-engined executive express.
WHEN I read the opening words of your jazz columnist Solly Lipsitz on August 26, ‘As this will be my final Thursday column’, I felt that I should express my feelings at what I see as a matter which will be of deep concern to the entire jazz fraternity in Northern Ireland.
‘Although we have had bookings from people all over Britain, strangely no one has expressed any interest from Northern Ireland,’ she added.
Captain John Ledingham with Castlepollard beat his team mate Francie Connors on Balarus Diamond Express and went on to take third place with Garraun.
‘Words can't express how pleased I am.’
In some cases — such as that of Roman Catholic mother of four Teresa Dowds de Mogollon in north Belfast on Monday evening — the terrorists responsible said they had meant to murder someone else and expressed their ‘regret’.
The RUC, aware of the dilemma, have expressed sympathy for the inconvenience but lay the blame firmly at the door of the bombers.
One community leader told Sunday Life last week: ‘We met with senior NIO officials and expressed the opinion that unless something was done for Protestant areas there would be a backlash from paramilitaries.
Although nationalists could express themselves freely in cultural terms, their aspiration for a united Ireland would have to wait for the ballot box to decide.
The Government argued before the commission last Friday that the killings were lawful — a view already expressed at a British inquest into the deaths.
The authority is to highlight the names of surgeons and hospitals and their waiting lists in the Express and Star, Wolverhampton, on Thursday, as part of an overall strategy to ensure the public gets speedy treatment.
The council also passed a further motion to send a deputation to the Southern Board to express their concern.
Paula was also surprised at how much concern was expressed by local people about the staff.
Unionist MPs have been quick to condemn those who would try to express their loyalty by attacks on defenceless fellow-citizens, but Mr John Taylor must be more careful with his language.
Mrs Phillips said the baby did not settle when they were allowed to go home and she expressed continuing concern to a community midwife.
The Taoiseach, Albert Reynolds, has expressed optimism that the stalled three-stranded talks will resume between the British and Irish Governments and the constitutional parties in Northern Ireland.
He said Hall had written to the dead man's mother expressing his sorrow.
It also featured in a number of high-profile advertising campaigns and American Express even had two 24-carat-gold-plated De Loreans specially made to launch its Gold Card — one of them is now kept in a glass case in a Texas bank.
I'M writing to express my disagreement with the Irish League-IFA on the allocation of venues for cup semi-finals and finals.
There was surprise expressed when Downey was included in the semi-final line-up but he made an invaluable contribution in the second half through his positional sense and slick distribution.
‘Words can't express how pleased I am.’
Mum found the ‘American express menu’, which was considerably shorter than the Gettysburg address I was deciphering and extremely cheap — the most expensive item being smoked baby back ribs in barbecue sauce at £2.50.
And they said that the loyalist killers would only be called off the streets after the IRA expressed a willingness for a ceasefire.
He expressed his scepticism about the usefulness of techniques such as the envoy.
‘We reiterated our support for US help and our reasons for seeing the envoy as one way in which the United States should express its friendship to Ireland and to Britain.’
The keepers also appear to be a knowledgeable and dedicated group of people, for whom I can only express my admiration of their hard work.
I would wish to express my very great anguish to all those women concerned if I have been taught an inadequate technique,’ she said.
‘Vapid and feeble…the end of this foolish farrago comes not a moment too soon,’ thundered the Express, and, shocked, sought out the sex angle: ‘This £2m show seeks to turn gay Renaissance man Leonard da Vinci into a heterosexual pop singer.
The bid was put together by Merseyside Task Force but already concern has been expressed about the lack of consultation with the private sector.
But a clutch of corporate giants are believed to have expressed interest in corporate membership, though, at a cost of £4,750 and he is reported to have acquired access to the list of 13,000 North West gold card holders.
But in an interview published last week in the English-language Daily Yomiuri, he expressed confidence that the goal drought would soon end.
The view I've always expressed is that he is an extremely good footballer.
Chief Constable David Graham expressed concern about robberies which are up by 23pc with 130 offences in the first four months of the year.
Mr Barter recorded a suicide verdict and expressed his sympathy to Mr Banks' family.
Police found a book beside the empty petrol can containing the word ‘Sarajevo’ and a message from Mr Bamford expressing frustration with events in Bosnia and lack of action by politicians.
The group, which boasts 2000 members, expressed fears that Southport's popularity as a holiday resort is in decline.
NORTHERN FOODS has passed £2bn sales thanks to the addition of Express Dairies and Eden Vale, which also helped a healthy rise in profits to £153.2m from £126.3m.
Like an express
And manager David Hughes said: ‘He is bowling like an express and swinging it’.
I could go on, but can only express the wish that such drivers would show the considerations that they are forced to adopt when they are not in their cars.
Driver expresses ‘grave’ concern over £720 fine
‘You may think it is doubtful that any words can express what he did to that young girl,’ he told the jury of eight women and four men.
War likely ‘express’ teachers
Mr Patten unveiled proposals to recruit parents, A new one-year ‘express’ course will allow the nursery and infant teachers to teach without a degree.
Views expressed by local people at yesterday's public meeting included comments that Cwm Rheidol would be ruined for ever just for the sake of a short-term quarry, while another resident claimed that the village deserved a break after putting up with such a quarry for about 20 years.
Rosenthal, 29, has failed to sign a new one-year contract offered to him by Liverpool even though he has expressed his desire to stay at Anfield.
MY WIFE and I would like to express our sincere gratitude for the heart-warming friendliness shown to us by the Liverpool citizens we met at the celebrations.
CONSIDERATION is being given by Powys' highways department to providing a right turning lane for traffic on the A483 trunk road in Newtown, following concern expressed by Newtown and Llanllwchaiarn Town Council for the safety of pedestrians crossing the road between the Do It All superstore and the Safeways supermarket.
‘I have been contacted by a number of my constituents, who work for Clwyd County Council, expressing their concerns about the way they will be represented during the period of local government reorganisation.
Veteran musician Dennis Conroy who played with Liverpool Express is behind the monthly shows.
After scores of 65 and 133, I have no doubt that he will again raise his head above the parapet and express himself forcibly.
The Mercia area of the Trust already has expressed concern about the effect of any airport expansion on all its properties in the area.
By Val Woan and Harry Dean MUM-TO-BE Paula Gilfoyle expressed her horror at the thought of someone hanging themself just 24 hours before she was found hanged, Liverpool Crown Court was told today.
MUM-TO-BE Paula Gilfoyle expressed her horror at the thought of someone hanging themself just 24 hours before she was found hanged, Liverpool Crown Court was told today.
THE Duchess of York has been talking about her new job roving UN ambassador to express the plight of refugees.
In a letter to Patrick's father Mr Anthony Furse, the ambassador expresses on behalf of is government and himself personally his sorrow and regret at what has happened.
She added that the new National Express coach station to be built on a site bounded by Norton Street, Fraser Street and Islington will also be a bonus for the area.
According to Dexter, ‘much time was spent on a detailed review of the Old Trafford Test and disappointment was expressed at some elements of England's performance.
Other exhibits to be added to the collection include books from the library of Lloyd George's father William and an illuminated scroll presented to Lloyd George by his Caernarfon Borough constituents in 1913 in which they expressed their total confidence and trust in him.
I AM writing to express my sincere thanks to a gentleman who restored my faith in human nature.
His victim's body was found at lunchtime by a neighbour who had brought her lunch and, when told, Abram expressed amazement and outrage at her fate, Mr Burke said.
And the brakes feel like they could stop an express train.
The forecast from Chris Haskins of Northern Dairies which now owns Express Dairies and has over 3,000 milk rounds delivering a daily pinta to five million 5m doorsteps is that the fall in doorstep delivery will not stop until it is down to about a third of the total.
Many truces have been violated in the 14-month war and battles raged across Bosnia today as the UN expressed particular concern about the besieged Moslem ‘safe area’ of Gorazde.
RACIAL equality chiefs have expressed alarm at the ‘unacceptably high’ number of black pupils and children from other minority groups being banned from Liverpool schools.
Both sides had expressed regret at the killing of L Cpl Edwards but neither had named the gunman.
‘We mourn, weep and express a sense of loss for Stephen,’ said Fr Burke who said the congregation should give thanks for Ft Lt McNally's life.
Both sides had expressed regret but neither had named the gunman.
Mr Coyne said: ‘We will be expressing our great concern regarding benefits and the rumoured cuts in disability benefit.
But thank-you especially to Mrs B from Durham who expresses an opinion close to my own hobbyhorse when she writes: ‘Although I am almost two stone overweight, I am perfectly content with my body the way it is.
Members of the British Art Blacksmith Association founded 13 years ago also offer typical examples of their work such as Alan Evan's intriguing, six round-keyed Typewriter Sculpture for the Daily Express Building in London.
But George Bartlett, QC, for the NGC, said: ‘The inquiry's time and cost would not be saved, because whether or not we express a preference for one of them, they will remain as alternatives before the secretary of State.
He's a midfield player really, because he is very good on the ball, and he can't express himself at centre half.
Four years ago she set up American Express offices at ICI Billingham and Wilton, and now has a staff of 24, operating five days a week selling holidays to chemical workers She said: ‘We're probably one of the largest offices in the area.
It gives women a chance to express themselves, to celebrate their role in families, neighbourhoods and communities.’
Cambridge players were angry but could not express their views because manager John Beck has banned them from talking to the Press.
So far more than 20 schools have expressed their eagerness to take part in our search to find the stars of the future.
But express instructions were given yesterday excluding the press.
Middlesbrough's Andy Green lost a controversial lightweight majority decision, expressed his disgust with the judging and said: ‘That's my last amateur bout.
For too long managers have had no authoritative body to express their views or air their grievances.
Throughout his career he neither drove nor installed a telephone, though the Daily Express offered to pay his phone bill.
We will not be frightened to express our views if we feel something has to be said.
The Hartlepool Express Laundry (861–086) goes all over the North-East and although its main customers are businesses, it's attracting an increasing number of private customers as word spreads.
They expressed strong views against having a supermarket on their doorsteps.
Councillors in Gateshead expressed alarm that limiting home to school travel concessions and discretionary grants would discourage potential students from continuing their education.
A report which goes before Middlesbrough councillors on Wednesday says: ‘Concern has been expressed over the activities of some of those employed to control access to licensed premises.
Dave Punshon, Age Concern's chief officer, recently expressed fears that the scheme would have to close and its staff have been under redundancy notice since Christmas to finish on March 31.
IF Indians once travelled by comfortable express train to Eastern Bengal, now Bangladesh, they have the Darlington firms of Stephenson locomotives and Cleveland Bridge to thank.
If people learn Latin they learn the better to express themselves.’
Incentives for the most sales include trips on the Orient Express, holidays in Greece, weekends in Barcelona and trips to Australia.
Durham County Council deputy leader Bob Pendlebury welcomed the county's inclusion in the first round while Hilary Armstrong, Labour MP for North West Durham, expressed concern at the Government's motives.
‘As a family we would like to express our most sincere thanks to Detective Chief Superintendent Cooper and all his staff for their diligence in their inquiries and especially for their sympathetic support and concern throughout this extremely difficult time.
‘His plea of guilty is the only means by which he can express his contrition today and acknowledging it must be a lengthy prison sentence which he now faces.’
Royal College of Nursing members at the hospital had expressed worry over possible job losses and morale was said to be at a low ebb.
THE opinions expressed in South Durham Viewpoint (Echo March 9) about a split in the Labour Group on Wear Valley District Council are complete nonsense.
A statement expressed ‘sincere regret’ for the letter informing Mr Gooch of his dismissal and confirmed the letter was based on misinformation.
Conservative candidate Simon Fowler opened his election campaign yesterday by expressing his deep concern over Labour's minimum wage policy.
In an extraordinary twist, health secretary William Waldegrave first denied any Tory involvement then admitted Conservative Central Office had helped the consultant involved get in touch with the Daily Express.
But later, Mr Waldegrave admitted Conservative headquarters put Jennifer's consultant in touch with the Express.
Then Peter Hitchens, the Express reporter following Mr Kinnock, was harangued by fellow reporters over how his paper got the name of the girl and an Express spokesman claimed The Independent must have got the name from Labour Party sources.
‘We then told the Daily Express that that was what we had done.
The Express then spoke to the doctor.
‘Central Office did not know the name of the child until Wednesday morning when we read it first in the Independent and subsequently in the Daily Express.’
Tony Lee, 23, a bachelor, of Northbourne Road, Stockton, was transferred from Durham jail to St Luke's Hospital, Middlesbrough, after expressing paranoid ideas and hearing voices.
Simon Fowler, Conservative candidate has expressed ‘horror’ over Labour's ‘half-baked’plans for a regional assembly in the North-East which he claims would strip people of the proposed single-tier authorities.
Tory leader Coun Peter Jackson said he had expressed doubts about the scheme's viability, and details on estimated income and expenditure which he had asked for had not been produced.
Simon Fowler, Conservative candidate has expressed ‘horror’ over Labour's ‘half-baked’plans for a regional assembly in the North-East which he claims would strip people of the proposed single-tier authorities.
Labour contender Ashok Kumar has expressed support for a junior doctors' campaign for shorter working hours.
The Family Health Services caravan, the Health Express, will be parked next to Sacriston Post Office all week offering general health information.
Despite that, these two women photographers complement one another well, sharing a feeling for time and space, and expressing thoughtfulness about these elements.
Mr Hall had then driven the car and signed a form expressing his complete satisfaction with its condition, and the garage believed the problems were solved.
City analysts expressed worries that Cleveland-based MTM would change its full-year reporting date following a change in its accounting procedures (see page 12).
The Burton Property Trust developed project is due to open in August and fears have been expressed that it could harm town trade if tenants with a current presence in Darlington moved in.
‘Fans pay their money and have a right to express their feelings.
I would like to express my government's pleasure at seeing this important spiritual project taking place in Bophuthatswana, but in passing I feel I should also correct one or two points.
MAY I express my thanks and those of the Willington Labour Party to the voters of Willington, Oakenshaw and Page Bank for their support on Thursday, February 20 in the Willington East by-election.
WE ARE writing to express our concern regarding your report ‘New Way to Fend Off Car Thieves’(Echo February 15).
FOLLOWING your article on sports injuries treatment available at Darlington FC (Echo February 18) we would like to express a few points.
‘I can only express our sympathy for the lady and I will bring this to my manager's attention.
We do claim credit for having detected this anger and for having spent a year in working to set up a public meeting at which Thornaby people could express it, but even there we were careful to be non-party political and as a result of that meeting, with the support of Thornaby people and the town's MP Tim Devlin, we are now carrying the campaign to the proper quarter.
No, there aren't any easy solutions but expressing your feelings can help greatly.
The move follows a growing number of concerns expressed by parents of dyslexic children who claim adequate schooling is not always offered.
Sainsbury has expressed an interest in the site but a Government clause imposed during the bus privatisation programme means Caldaire can keep only 35pc of the purchase price above £1.3 million effectively making a move financially impossible.
Many other entries express a world weariness born of the belief that the candidates are all much the same anyway.
I WAS interested to read a letter from my old headmaster, Mr D Henderson, expressing disappointment at the failure of his bid to establish a sixth form at Hummersknott School.
Last week's column expressed concern for the whereabouts of Peter ‘Ice’
YOUR generous coverage of Neil Kinnock and Co's shindig in York (Echo January 13) was remarkable not only for its front page spread of crusader Kinnock (a sad caricature of the Express's Lord Beaverbrook), its 100 column inches of fact evasion and 2,000 words of distraction from political reality.
The council backed local residents and Heighington parish council who expressed fears about increased noise and traffic the course and attached golf school would generate.
Mr Fallon said Mr Williams was ‘surprised to see the strength of feeling expressed by publicans in the area.’
And another 22 different retailers have expressed interest in joining the Cornmill.
Boredom is a coverup for feelings that are not recognised or expressed openly.’
So little irritations get filed away instead of being openly expressed and before long a boiling cauldron of repressed anger has extinguished their sexual fire.
To establish genuine intimacy, it is crucial that a couple learn to communicate with each other not just gossiping about friends, talking about the children or discussing world events but expressing their feelings, their fears, hopes, secrets, dreams, vulnerabilities, reactions, joys, irritations and depressions.
He added: ‘It is an indication of the breadth of concern that is being expressed across the county not only by parents and governors but by all who are touched by education.’
The developers have already demonstrated their disregard both for the environment and for planning regulations by commencing landscaping and tree-felling operations before the planning application was approved Both the Durham Wildlife Trust and English Nature have expressed concerns regarding the future of this woodland, but have been ignored.
He said: ‘I have got to express my admiration to residential staff,’ but added, ‘no matter how much support we give, it's clearly a very distressing time.’
He said: ‘I have got to express my admiration to residential staff who are trying to be positive and ensure the residents don't suffer.
Members of the Darlington Association on Disability expressed concern about how members were to reach their headquarters at the Friends' Meeting House in Skinnergate.
Meanwhile county school meals advisor Frances Tee has expressed concern that benefit changes reducing eligibility for free school dinners will deprive some children of their only nutritionally sound meal.
We have agreed a letter from all the Darlington dentists to express our views to our patients.’
But the increase in crime became a subject of hot debate when the area's MP Derek Foster said people were expressing a loss of confidence in the police.
They were called back again later to concrete the area where the horses had been buried fears of health hazards had been expressed because Mr Edelson had not had the animals preserved in any way.
But most recipients who contacted The Northern Echo have been sickened by the views expressed.
Mr Farrell said Lee, who expressed her sincere remorse, had intended repaying the money every penny had been recorded and the money was from personal friends and people who knew her, he added.
The announcement, made on Wednesday as the first £50,000 raised by public appeal was handed to the health authority to start work on the unit, came after a group of fund raising committee members expressed concern that the unit would open in phases.
The outcome has removed strains between members of the committee which last week resulted in Coun. Mrs Scott expressing ‘disappointment’ that some other members had written to local politicians about the unit while she was away on holiday.
Michelle Dixon had claimed she was sacked from the massive Trees Park Village home in Middleton St George near Darlington after expressing concern over allegations of mice and cockroaches on the premises.
Last year The Northern received letters from staff and residents expressing concern over care levels and changing working practices.
RESIDENTS objecting to a bedsit complex in Darlington were too scared to express their views publicly, it was claimed yesterday.
However, Eleanor Young vice-chairman of the National Association of Community Health Councils and chairman of Darlington CHC, expressed concern that recent efforts to bring down the lists would not be sustained over the next few months and years.
In recent years, greater concern has been expressed about the effects of hard drugs on young people.
Rosemary Sandford of Darlington Association on Disability, said they were saddened and disappointed they were not given the opportunity to express their views at the meeting.
I must express my disgust at the Cats Protection League Darlington blacklisting Coundon.
Michael Fallon Conservative MP for Darlington expressed concern for Rothmans' workers with the possible decline in that industry.
Ward councillors in the Lingfield area of Darlington have expressed concern about possible noise due to intensified use of the Paton's Beehive ballroom, McMullen Road.
The South African visitors have said they are not surprised at the local reaction and have expressed a wish to re-open dialogue.
Mr Biggin said several companies have expressed an interest in the property but pulled out because of the delays.
But for everyone there is a better way of expressing yourself at work or in complaining at the garage, for instance.
Mr Michael Fallon MP and his Labour rival, Mr Alan Milburn, said it was important that Darlington kept control of its own hospital services after health unions expressed concern over what they feared could be a ‘hidden agenda’ of merger plans.
She said school buses come into the village to pick up pupils after parents expressed fears for their safety waiting on the A67.
Newson (HAS March 11) when he expresses concern at the rapid decline of the industry and the rather callous abandonment of the skilled workforce within it, a testament no doubt which many a Durham and Yorkshire mining village could bear witness to.
At the recent launch of the Feedback procedure initiated by the group, we expressed the need for more members representing the community.
And Sir Leon expressed confidence in the Conservative campaign, although he admitted it wasn't over yet.
Conservative councillor Heather Scott, who organised the meeting with fellow Park West Tory councillor Charles Smith, said people had expressed strong opposition to the scheme.
Mr Lilley expressed concern about Britain losing in any Euro recycling plan when he visited Visqueen, Stockton.
His Yamaha RD 350cc motorcycle was in collision with a Volvo heavy goods vehicle, owned by Tuffnels Parcels Express of Shepcourt, Sheffield.
His Yamaha RD 350cc motorcycle was in collision with a Volvo goods vehicle, owned by Tuffnels Parcels Express of Shepcourt, Sheffield.
Inter-City's new 225 express trains were slowed to a crawl on the East Coast main line when a river burst its banks.
Looking in more detail at our poll it is clear that of those who expressed their voting intentions some ten per cent who voted Conservative in 1987 will now vote for Labour, and eight per cent of them will vote LibDem.
The margin of error is plus or minus 1pc. — A Daily Express Harris poll puts Labour (38pc) one point ahead of the Tories and a poll of Tory-held marginal seats by ICM for Today newspaper showed an 8.5pc swing to Labour since the 1987 election.
As a new focal point for the city, the tower had the task of expressing confidence and displaying a degree of technological prowess.
M Rocard's ‘big bang’ proposal has received a positive response from most socialist leaders, left-wing voters (73 per cent approved of the idea), and ecologist supporters (62 per cent approved), while several leading communist dissidents have expressed a cautious interest.
Because I was a really shy teenager, and I thought it was a great place to hide; where you could talk about things and express these feelings that you had, but you could hide a wee bit too.
The views expressed by Julie White and Hilary Patrick leave out of consideration the unfortunate fact that some kinds of serious mental illness may be associated with lack of insight.
Grahame Thomson, director of the Scottish Daily Newspaper Society, expresses grave concern at the possible impact on sales, while accountants Price Waterhouse produced a report forecasting the closure of 245 local and regional papers and the loss of 2,500 jobs if VAT is imposed at 17.5 per cent.
The Edinburgh International Film Festival would like to express its appreciation of the role played by SALVO (Points of View, 13 February) in successfully campaigning for more adequate funding from the Scottish Office for film and crafts organisations in Scotland.
Shostakovich's seven Alexander Blok settings embrace a bleak, uncomfortable musical language, even when expressing some sort of serenity.
McGrath recently expressed reservations over the current direction of the company and suggested that it would be appropriate to accompany the change of course with a change of name.
There is an undeniable gulf of philosophy between political theatre which dedicates itself to featuring everyday concerns such as poll tax or unemployment, and one whose politics are expressed more elliptically through the histories of Thebes 2,000 years ago.
There are other ways of expressing pain and feeling, but the tentative, half-hearted approach which characterised the whole production was perfectly illustrated when, after the catastrophe, the books arranged around the playing area were scattered and the tall bookcases overturned.
You may laugh, but already deposits worth £30,000 have been put down for the book and at least 5,000 people have telephoned bookshops to express an interest.
Discussions are understood to be under way with several companies which have expressed an interest in setting up alongside the plant to supply components to Motorola, which operates on a just-in-time principle of bringing in materials just as they are required for the production process.
We have expressed our interest to the receivers and we believe we have got a sensible business plan that can be developed.’
We have expressed our interest to the receivers and we believe we have got a sensible business plan that can be developed.’
Oil industry representatives in the US expressed doubts last night about the effectiveness of the measures which, administration officials claim, will add about seven cents to the cost of a US gallon of petrol, which is about five-sixths the volume of the UK gallon.
SMALL investors rushed for a slice of the stock market newcomer, Pizza Express, boosting the share price to more than twice the 40p institutions paid last month.
He appears unworried by fears expressed then and more recently that milk consumption is in long-term decline.
Known as a high-quality supplier of food to major food retailers like Marks & Spencer and Sainsbury, Northern surprised the stock market in November 1991 by announcing a £326 million deal to buy Express Dairies from Grand Metropolitan.
Rugby at Murrayfield has become Scotland's best chance to express its nationhood — more so than Hampden in recent years.
Mr Rocard's ‘big bang’ proposal has received a positive response from most socialist leaders, left-wing voters (73 per cent approved of the idea), and ecologist supporters (62 per cent approved), while several leading communist dissidents have expressed a cautious interest.
Mr Millan said that he was talking to UK authorities and expressed some optimism the matter could be resolved, although EC officials believe the tougher rules could lead to new battles with the Treasury.
In a separate move, oil industry officials in the Arabian Gulf expressed fears that the US plans for an energy tax might upset market stability by causing some producers to cut back on investment.
But Devonport managers expressed ‘disappointment and frustration’ at the announcement that the decision was to be delayed further.
However, an outside developer has expressed a serious interest in taking over the A-listed building and running it as both as a commercial mill and as a tourist attraction.
While refusing to name the firm interested in taking over Dangerfield — it will only say interest has been expressed by a British-based private company — the region hopes the sale will go ahead.
You know the sort of thing: the damsel in distress chained to the railway line as the express thunders towards her.
He admitted to being surprised at the progress being made in Scotland, and expressed much admiration for the work currently being planned by the SCU and Teamsport Scotland in developing coaching at both school and club level.
Therefore, it is against that back-cloth, that I respond to these orchestrated criticisms and express my views on the man I have come to know as a friend and a very good colleague.
IRISH champion Joe Swail reached the last eight of the Humo European Open in Antwerp yesterday, then expressed his amazement at being left out of the Benson and Hedges Irish Masters at Goffs next month.
Swail defeated Tony Drago 5-3 and then expressed his amazement at being left out of the B&H Irish Masters at Goffs next month.
Gaelic is a complicated language phonetically, expressed in writing by an alphabet of only 18 letters used in a most ingenious way.
Gu does not express the pronunciation of ghaoithe, as suggested in a letter today.
Hodgson also expressed the belief that it was not possible to predict which two countries would go to America for the World Cup finals next year.
Tory had ridden for Bailey in two spells, during which his biggest success came on Docklands Express in the 1991 Whitbread Gold Cup.
Confining himself to Scotland's priorities, the national coach expressed relief at having gained an initial win at Malta's expense and admiration for the manner of that achievement.
Indeed the most dramatically powerful scene could be painfully sentimental were it not for the fierce intensity with which Tom Fleming expresses his feelings.
Yet even ‘Disgruntled, Kilgraston Road, Edinburgh,’ who had expressed his disquiet most volubly to the The Scotsman sports desk had to gorge on his opprobrious remarks as Hastings became the leading scorer in matches between the two countries with some imperious striking as he landed five goals from eight attempts.
However, entries for the American Express Gold Card Handicap Hurdle, the staying race which had previously carried the Coral name, have slumped to 39 from 108.
Officials came under fire at the meeting from disgruntled members who expressed concern about the club's prospects.
Baker expressed grave concern at the Bootle killing and attacked various institutions for the fact that society has become more violent and selfish.
The ITC guidelines make it clear that it doesn't see ‘sanitised’ violence as innocuous and Ferman expresses greater concern about Lethal Weapon 2 than Reservoir Dogs.
Mr Dinkins expressed an envy of Tokyo's cleanliness and low crime rate, but said conditions in his city were improving and urged Japanese companies not to pull out their investments.
The Scottish Secretary has chosen to pursue this ‘non-interventionist’ policy in the face of criticism, not only from the local communities, but from the National Trust for Scotland, the Royal Fine Art Commission for Scotland and the many other professional commentators who have expressed their opposition on a variety of grounds.
Far from rejecting conventional values — for example towards family relationships, school work and the environment — underclass children expressed higher levels of concern than those from other backgrounds.
In appropriately ‘watery’ metaphors, Mr Wallace spoke of the Government's economic strategy in Scotland ‘sinking beneath the waves,’and Mr Mullin expressed concern that ‘Scotland is being dragged down by the sinking ship of the UK’.
Finally, at the risk of once more being accused of expressing my opinions in emotive terms, I believe that we in Scotland must seek, by whatever means possible, to establish a Scottish parliament.
A few years ago, I wrote expressing my concern that the village of West Linton, Peeblesshire, had ‘moved’ from being 18 miles outside the GPO in Edinburgh to 16 and then to 14 miles.
A PREFERENCE for a relatively small number of large councils has been expressed by the conservation agency Scottish Natural Heritage in its response to the Government's consultation exercise on the future of local government north of the Border.
A second, but equally fundamental, principle is that people's lives should not be in forfeit because of the ideas they choose to express.
‘We have expressed our interest to the receivers and we believe we have got a sensible business plan that can be developed,’ he said.
And there is pessimism too, as expressed by Sanyi, 31, an electrician.
The various Nationalists had also expressed their sympathy for such a move.
There is nothing here — not least the welcome that the rest of our EC partners would express over Britain signing up — that creates insuperable difficulties.
The political party so long lubricated and cajoled by the Transport and General workers is expressing interest in private toll roads and pricing the use of public roads.
His grandmother telephoned the local radio station after hearing callers express their distress over the murder.
The award to David Robinson, now 25 and paralysed from the neck down, came after Deputy Judge Patrick Bennett, QC, had expressed amazement at the initial failure of negotiations to reach a settlement in his damages claim.
Lord Sanderson, the chairman of the Scottish Conservative & Unionist Association, expressed delight at the appointment and paid tribute to Mr Mitchell's work over the past three years, particularly in the run-up to the election.
The officers spent two hours telling her of the concern expressed by police and welfare authorities in England about the way Gemma had been left.
Earlier George Robertson, the Labour spokesman on European affairs, vowed that the Opposition would press ahead with the social chapter amendment to allow the Commons to express its view.
‘It is hard to find words to express the aching loneliness and rejection I have found them experiencing as they approach the end of their lives.’
Neil Kinnock, the former Labour leader, tabled a motion expressing lack of confidence in David Montgomery, the former editor of Today, who became the Mirror Group Newspapers' chief executive in October.
Opponents were further incensed because two of the English Tories who voted in favour had expressed scepticism, and in one case outright hostility, during the debate.
Donald Findlay, QC, defending, said that Sommerville bitterly regretted his folly at becoming involved and had expressed genuine sorrow, regret and shock at what had happened.
Robert Gould expressed his frustration at the tactics being used by parents at two of the schools threatened with closure on the south side of the city.
In their majority verdict they also expressed the view that the crime was committed under provocation.
THE tour operators Euro Express yesterday became the second travel firm in less than a week to collapse.
Fears were expressed by some of those present that the Government emphasis — and funding — would be concentrated on practical research for which there might be some profitable return rather than on basic research which carried less obvious spin-offs.
Out of 23 Scottish Labour MPs, 14 expressed their support for Mr Clarke, four felt he should stand down and one was undecided.
However, the majority of MPs expressed their support, pointing out that he had been elected first time to the shadow cabinet, giving him a mandate and the right to the same loyalty which his predecessors, Donald Dewar and Bruce Millan, had received.
It is due to be officially opened by the local MP, Sir Hector Monro, the Scottish Office minister for the arts, who, on learning of the decision, expressed his displeasure and promised to take the matter up with the SAC.
Some of the passengers expressed sympathy for the hijacker's goal of going to America, and said they were never threatened.
SYRIA expressed a strong desire yesterday to resume Middle East peace negotiations as soon as possible and the United States said it would play a more active role in the talks than in the past.
Fifteen minutes later the locomotive will pull out of the station hauling an express for London.
DAVID MITCHELL Mystery train: as rail privatisation looms, the future of Glasgow to London expresses is unclear after revelations that the West coast main line needs huge investment to maintain safety
The papal nuncio, Henri Lemaitre, was summoned to the foreign ministry so the foreign minister, Pieter Kooijmans, could express the government's deep displeasure at remarks by Monsignor Elio Sgreccia, secretary of the Vatican Council for the Family.
Describing the alleged war crimes as ‘a threat to international peace and security’, the resolution expresses a determination to ‘put an effective end to such crimes and to take effective measures to bring to justice the persons who are responsible for them’.
Veteran relief workers also expressed concern, claiming the project would be ineffective and dangerous both for aircrews and those on the ground.
Nigel Short, who is taking a break in Greece, has already expressed his support for the contest's being held in Manchester.
Concern about Scottish Office proposals to define the powers in legislation has been expressed in a report to be discussed by COSLA's economic affairs committee in Edinburgh on Friday.
A spokesman for RGU expressed disappointment at the breakdown of the talks.
The commission expressed its ‘outrage’ that rape was being used as a weapon of war against Muslim women.
The 28-year-old has made his first shift from children's telly with the Friday evening showbiz slot ‘Entertainment Express’ where he works alongside Selina Scott — and he is loving it.
He added: ‘I have been pleasantly surprised by the number of people who have expressed an interest, without being morbidly curious, shall we say.
Fears have been expressed that MPs supporting Scotland United would use the bill as a vehicle for protests on home rule for Scotland.
Mr Pritchard expressed particular concern about the likely plight of hundreds of legal graduates about to complete the diploma they require to go into practice.
The Scottish Secretary, Ian Lang, in reply to a Commons question, acknowledged that concerns had been expressed about the advisory committee structure originally proposed.
River boards had expressed concern that their powers would be centralised.
Prof Marian Hicks, chairman of South West Thames Regional Health Authority, expressed regret at the distress caused from the failure of the computer system.
Mr Major, who had more than four hours of talks with President Clinton at the White House on Wednesday, expressed his delight at the way in which the discussions had gone.
The prospect of another delay prompted the shadow Scottish secretary, Tom Clarke, to write to Mr Lang expressing his disappointment at the postponement.
On taking the job he expressed his feelings on Eldorado rather bluntly.
George Singleton was always aware of the social and artistic value of the cinema and, to this day, continues to express a serious interest in the arts in general.
Though his compositions won many prizes internationally, Tan says that gradually, he found himself unable to express his real self.
He wanted to fuse the two —‘to express the religion, the ritual of nature’.
In the current climate, few executives were prepared to risk airing their anxieties publicly, but privately they express a wide range of fears.
Members of the Broadcasting Council for Scotland have also expressed private distress at the new arrangements.
Some of them apparently feel that the move flies in the face of the philosophy expressed in the document prepared by the task force which examined the way ahead for BBC Scotland.
In Scotland, concern has been expressed over the implications of studio closures and job losses, but it has met with soothing words from the BBC's executives and from its political masters in government.
No 2 was all the other bits: No 2 was the writer, the ‘Boy-in-the-box’, the one who came out and wrote the books and expressed itself.
Geetha Sridah's performance of these intricate celebratory religious dances is mesmerising; the idiom of movement and facial expression expresses a mysterious and sexy sort of intelligence that rivets the attention.
If he works in a relatively narrow vein, he does so constructively, and his strong, lucidly expressed improvisations provided a robust foil for the trumpeter.
Roman interest in Scotland was only slight and patchy at best, and their general view seems to have been expressed in the Severus separation of Britain into superior and inferior provinces.
The former chairman of Lloyd's, David Coleridge, had expressed the hope last year that losses in 1990 would be smaller and more bearable.
The company is using the latest techniques for development, but Dr Walters expressed reservations about the Best Linear Unbiased Prediction (BLUP) programme developed by the Meat and Livestock Commission.
The CBI also expressed satisfaction that the Chancellor had taken its advice not to raise business taxes this year.
Mr Lamont also announced that the £300 million Heathrow Express line would proceed.
Expressing the belief that public spending ceilings set last autumn for the next three years would keep the growth of spending below that of the economy as a whole, the Chancellor stressed: ‘Proper control of public expenditure cannot be achieved simply by setting targets.
FEARS were expressed yesterday that safety plans for North Sea platforms may put too much emphasis on equipment and hardware, rather than management and human factors, which were shown to be a main contributory cause of the Piper Alpha disaster.
Employers and pension providers expressed dismay at the freezing of the earnings cap since this means that as salaries rise, more employees will gradually be caught by the restriction.
In a survey conducted in the middle of March, a greater percentage of financial directors from the country's biggest companies expressed satisfaction with Norman Lamont's measures than did chief executives or financial directors of owner-managed businesses.
And more of the top 1,000 company financial directors also expressed greater confidence about their own business prospects over the next 12 months as a result of the Budget.
But this has not been matched by an increased commitment to capital expenditure and Mr Jordan expressed concern that while most member companies had weathered the recession ‘surviving companies are probably not investing sufficiently in keeping up with technological progress’.
Express titles going strong for United News
STRONG circulation and a jump in advertising at the Daily and Sunday Express helped boost profits last year for United Newspapers.
Lord Stevens, the chairman, said the Express titles increased their market share of circulation, while advertising volumes rose 7 per cent in the year.
The launch of the tabloid Sunday Express in July ‘proved to be a success’, he added.
He heads 50 entries for the Whitbread, to be run at Sandown on 24 April, and could face Cheltenham rivals Docklands Express, Rushing Wild, Garrison Savannah, Royal Athlete and Sibton Abbey.
Both Collins, and Saints manager John McClelland, expressed themselves happy with a point, but there was no doubt they were unhappy with the performances.
Ladbrokes cut Rushing Wild to 8-1 from 10-1 and Docklands Express to 12-1 from 14-1 for the Gold Cup.
Docklands Express was also shortened by William Hill to 12-1 from 14-1 and Coral to 12-1 from 20-1.
We are aware that serial killers and the like are merely expressing themselves, working out their various hang-ups and generally freeing themselves from those inhibitions which might, if suppressed, make them less complete human beings.
Sir,— Following your correspondent A McKirdy, I would also like to express my dissatisfaction with the current system of ticket allocation for international rugby.
But he also expressed his concern for the future of Scottish athletics: ‘It's pathetic really — there's no second tier of world class athletes after Tom, Yvonne, Liz (McColgan) and Tom Hanlon.
Last night, analysts expressed little surprise at the successful conclusion of the deal.
Charlie Swan, rider of Montelado, completed a first-day double when Fissure Seal took the American Express Gold Card Handicap Hurdle Final.
‘We've had calls from very many people today expressing their concern.’
The Fellow seemed to run his race, as he beat Docklands Express further than he did last year.’
Additional priorities must be to encourage the players to express some individual flair and support those who are prepared to have a go rather than just retain possession which Scotland did achieve against Samoa for long enough.
Earlier this season, Mark Hateley of Rangers expressed the opinion that Ferguson was the kind of target man Roxburgh's side lacked.
Over the next few weeks, players here and those that were unavailable for the tour will be asked about their availability, but already most of the touring squad have expressed their determination to go to Kenya, even if it means giving up their jobs to do so.
DANNY MEDDINGS continued his run of form with a surprisingly easy victory over Welsh No 1, Adrian Davies, in last night's opening round of the Daily Express British Players' Championship at Cheshunt, Hertfordshire, writes Elspeth Burnside.
A statement was issued from Ibrox yesterday detailing the unsatisfactory nature of the dealings with Bernard Tapie's club, while expressing regret that there was nothing more Rangers could do on behalf of their now disgruntled fans.
I was interested to read recent letters expressing concern at the absence of small birds.
What draws us primarily, of course, is the fighting spirit of the Scottish salmon, which can express its determination so powerfully in your fast, rocky rivers.
‘Also, young people will get frustrated with the system if the institutions around them don't give them a means of expressing themselves,’ he added.
‘You just go on living anyway, partly to overcome Scots' shortcomings with presenting and expressing themselves.’
Where the person ‘is not in a position to express a view, the least unsatisfactory test is to ask what one would choose for oneself: would I choose death rather than have that sort of life?’
Introducing young people to society and encouraging them to express themselves should not create conflict, as long as there is a co-operative understanding within the family or community.
Respect and caring for others: valuing racial, ethnic and religious diversity, the value of others as individuals and how to express respect and care.
‘Teachers should recognise that the values they reflect are most powerfully expressed by how they relate to learners; in how they talk and communicate; in how they share knowledge, skills and ideas: and in the expectations they indicate to the learner,’ suggested the council.
The evident squabble over the country's soul is bound to offend those who stubbornly express the wish that religion and politics should be kept in discreet compartments.
WALKER, who said he was greatly impressed by the determination of the Latvian prison administration and staff to improve their service, expressed admiration for the excellent relationship which he found existed between staff and prisoners.
Teachers' leaders have expressed concern in the past at the risks to which teachers are exposing themselves if things go wrong, not just the risk to life and limb, but in terms of the extent of their legal responsibility for doing work which is outwith paid requirements.
On behalf of the Kirkcaldy Women Writers' Group, I should like to express my amazement that a university town like Stirling is soon to axe the now well-established post of writer in residence.
He also stressed his belief that ‘people should have the right to express their views through the ballot box, and he would continue to look for a way to give people the chance to exercise their democratic rights,’ the department's spokesman said.
South Korea and Japan expressed grave concern and Seoul's cabinet went into emergency session to discuss counter-measures.
‘On many occasions, he expressed his full confidence in the future of the Communist Party of China and the cause of socialism and communism.’
Dr Michael Foxley, regional councillor for Mallaig, Ardnamurchan and the Small Isles, has written to the Scottish Office's local government finance group expressing ‘great concern’ at the effect the 50 per cent discount on second homes might have.
Along the corridor, the so-called ‘central belt activists’ and loyal guards of the legacy of the former Govan MP, Jim Sillars, were angrily reviewing the outcome of the 3-hour meeting, which had been prompted by a motion expressing full confidence in the SNP MPs being passed by 13 to 11 votes with two abstentions.
However, certain executive members stress that the decision by the three Cabinet members to resign was provoked by the strong views expressed by Mr Salmond when summing up the debate and the motion which still allowed the MPs to vote with the Tories again.
‘We express our sympathy to the player's family.
Councillor Tait has now been handed a letter which expresses concern over Mr Gilbert's dual role.
At the weekend senior managers expressed optimism about the future.
This view, that the wars in Croatia and Bosnia are no concern of the 400,000-odd ethnic Hungarians in Yugoslavia, mostly concentrated in the Serbian province of Vojvodina, has been repeatedly expressed both by ethnic Hungarian organisations in Yugoslavia and by the Budapest government.
‘Having denied the people the right to express its will by a referendum, Congress has embarked on the path of violating the constitution,’ it said.
To back-benchers who expressed alarm at VAT on domestic fuel, Mr Lamont and Mr Major simply invited them to step into the real world.
A covering letter also expresses concern that a government agency had shipped 500 litres of plutonium nitrate through the Minch recently and that the pollution caused by such a cargo would be much worse than the 85,000 tonnes of light oil spilt by the Braer off Shetland.
Although the consortium will not discuss its present financial position, the Bank of Scotland has expressed its concern, in private, to the local enterprise company, Lothian and Edinburgh Enterprise Ltd.
Mr Forsyth added: ‘I must ask you to look at this matter again with a view to finding a more suitable placement for this tenant in the light of the opposition expressed.’
He said the changes introduced to the health service have affected the council's role and members have expressed dissatisfaction with its development.
Fiona Hyslop, one of the national executive committee members who voted for the unsuccessful motion drawn up by the policy vice-convener, Rob Gibson, which expressed regret at the leadership's decision during last weekend's NEC meeting, criticised the party infighting.
Mr Chalmers, the SNP's prospective candidate for Glasgow in the European elections, expressed the growing desire within party ranks for an end to the public attacks on the leadership.
In another development, six of the 11 executive members who voted against the motion expressing confidence in the MPs' decision, stressed their opposition to the argument being continued in public.
The report emphasises that the parish ministry should be at the heart of the Church of Scotland in remote rural areas as elsewhere but it also expresses concern that this is dependent on adequate financial resources.
THE QUEST to find a new role for the Scottish Constitutional Convention will be extended for another month, in spite of considerable doubts expressed about its future yesterday by the leadership of the Scottish Liberal Democrats.
A spokesman said: ‘The document expresses a view on the privatisation of Scottish water.
Mr Morrison, organiser of the SNP Inverness branch, met two Anglian Water executives, Chris Mellor and Jim Adams, for half an hour and expressed his concerns about the privatisation plans.
A spokesman said: ‘It expresses a view on the privatisation of Scottish water.
A prominent anti-nuclear campaigner in Caithness expressed caution about the report.
Yesterday's explosion occurred soon after an express train from the northern city of Jammu had pulled up at Sealdah, Mr Biswas said.
Afterwards liberal deputies expressed their relief that things had turned out as they had, while hardliners were correspondingly downcast.
In a statement yesterday, the police chiefs said: ‘The association wholeheartedly agrees with the views expressed by Mr Adair.
Linlithgow's Labour MP, Tam Dalyell, has aligned himself with local people fighting the proposed workings and has expressed concern that they could damage or destroy a line of beech trees bounding the site.
Glasgow University's principal, Sir William Fraser, has already expressed concern at the Secretary of State's decision and has written seeking an explanation of the ruling.
The chairman of the Federation of Civil Engineering Contractors Opencast Coal Committee, John Chance, yesterday wrote to Mr Heseltine expressing contractors' fears over unemployment in the industry.
He added: ‘We will do it to express our derision for this Treasury bench of limpets, clinging on to office after breaking every promise that got them into it.
‘Regret was expressed at the vote on Maastricht amendment 28, although we understand the reasons for it.’
Health and safety inspectors had visited the site after an anonymous phone call from a woman expressing her concern that ‘people in this day and age were exposed to such dangers.’
The Federal Bureau of Investigation said last week that up to 30 cult members inside the compound had expressed interest in leaving if they received assurances about their legal rights.
Mr Zorkin said the court would continue its deliberations and expressed the hope that ‘the president would revise his attitude to the Constitutional Court and the Congress of People's Deputies.’
Washington has expressed its willingness to change the venue for the summit from Vancouver to Moscow if the Russian side makes such a request, but Mr Clinton said he was working on the assumption that it would take place in Canada as planned.
Mr Yeltsin meanwhile sent a message to John Major expressing his gratitude for the Prime Minister's support and understanding.
Mr Ball, speaking at Warrington's Stockton Heath police station, said: ‘This is not the way to express their religion.
But he expressed concern about the development of programmes like Michael Winner's True Crime and Crime Story in which real crimes were used to create drama-documentaries.
Interestingly in the light of the Bulger case, however, about one in 20 respondents expressed concern about viewing something which ‘set a bad example to children’— a trend which first emerged in last year's edition of the annual survey.
Sadness was expressed that security considerations meant that the achievement of its construction could not be more fully made public.
Lord Fraser expressed the government's confidence in the system, and confirmed that the important task of considering compulsory measures of care would remain firmly with the children's hearing.
The court heard that forged American Express and Visa Gold cards were used to run up huge bills at the restaurants.
You rightly say in your editorial today (‘Moral fabric in need of repair’) that the sentiments he expresses are not the sole property of democratic socialists.
Godfrey McIvor, Central Region's education convener, expressed disappointment at the parent ballot, and said a strong case would be made to the Scottish Secretary to keep St Mary's in local authority control.
Security chiefs expressed fears that retaliatory action by the IRA could create a sectarian war.
Here we have explored the use of retroviral vectors for display of proteins expressed in mammalian cells.
Transfected colonies expressing surface B1.8 single chain antibody were identified by panning with NIP.BSA-coated beads.
The retroviruses expressed from the selected clones were titred by transfer of G418 resistance to NIH3T3, and a range of titres noted, for example clones psi2-NIPenv1 (titre 0 G418 t.u. /ml) and psi2-NIPenv5 (titre 10 3 G418 t.u. /ml).
As a demonstration of functional expression of the transferred env fusion gene, the virus particles expressed by these cells bound more efficiently to NIP.BSA-coated plates than to phOx.BSA-coated plates as indicated by subsequent transfer of puromycin resistance to NIH3T3 cells (Fig. 6).
The infectivity of these particles was expected since they incorporate both the antibody-envelope fusion protein and unmodified envelope protein which is also expressed abundantly in the retroviral packaging cell line.
Retroviral particles displaying antibodies against cell surface antigens should bind preferentially to target cells expressing those antigens, and this may facilitate their infection.
Virus expressed by an amphotropic producer cell line infected with psi2-NIPenv5-derived virus binds specifically to NIP.BSA-coated wells.
Consistent with these pleiotropic effects of CREB, the CREB gene is widely expressed but the activity of CREB is controlled in a cell type specific manner (19, 20, 21, 22, 37).
CREM can repress CREB when overexpressed in F9 embryonal carcinoma cells (28) and CREM is expressed in a manner that suggests an important negative role during spermatogenesis (31).
Plasmids pGEX-CR1α and pGEX-ATF1 were used to express GST-CREB and GST-ATF1.
Previous studies using antibodies have shown that CREB and ATF1 are expressed in UF9 cells (29) and at least some of the CREB is dimerised with ATF1 (29).
We also conclude that CREM is only present at very low levels (it might correspond to the weak band observed in figure 4C lane 2) or is not expressed at all in UF9 cells.
Detection of bacterially expressed CREB and ATF1 by Far Western blotting.
Approximately 5 ng of bacterially expressed CREB (lanes 1-3) or ATF1 (lanes 4-6) were resolved by SDS/PAGE transferred to nitrocellulose paper and probed with 32 P-labelled CREB as described in materials and methods.
When Spodoptera frugiperda cells were infected with the recombinant virus (AcBT-3/2/7/5) expressing the four major structural genes of BTV, double-capsid, virus-like particles consisting of VP2, VP3, VP5 and VP7 of BTV were assembled.
Recent advances in gene manipulation have made it possible to express foreign genes in heterologous systems.
The productivity and flexibility of baculovirus expression vectors (1, 2) and the ability of the baculovirus genome to incorporate (and express) large amounts of foreign DNA have permitted this system to be used for both single and dual gene expression (3, 4, 5).
The promoter of the ph gene has been exploited to express one or two foreign gene products either by replacing the ph gene or by duplicating the promoter together with appropriate transcription termination signals (see review, Bishop, 1992)(2).
A second very late gene, p10, which is responsible for the synthesis of a non-structural protein, has been successfully utilized to express foreign proteins either by replacing the resident p10 gene (5, 6) or by duplicating the p10 promoter and inserting it elsewhere in the AcNPV genome, eg, in proximity to the ph gene site (4).
In further studies, a second dual recombinant baculovirus was constructed to express VP2 and VP5 (10).
The vectors were utilized to express bluetongue virus proteins.
Expressed CLPs and VLPs were absorbed onto copper 400-mesh Formvar carbon-coated grids by floating on droplets of the samples for 2 min.
When BTV VP6, or VP7 or the non-structural NS1 protein was expressed by single gene recombinant baculoviruses, all three proteins were synthesized in abundance, reaching up to 50 to 70% of the total protein mass of the infected S.frugiperda cells (16, 17, 19).
To express four proteins in the quadruple vector we selected the genes that were either expressed at a high level in insect cells (eg, VP2, VP6, VP7, NS1) by single expression vector systems or can be assembled into a morphological structure in a native configuration (10, 16, 17, 19).
All three proteins were expressed in significantly higher levels than the level of expression of any other cellular or AcNPV derived protein.
AcBT-2/6/NS1/7 expressed BTV proteins although the level of VP2 expression was lower than the other three proteins as shown in Figure 2.
We have demonstrated previously that S. frugiperda cells, co-infected with two dual recombinant baculoviruses expressing VP2/VP5 and VP3/VP7 produce BTV-like particles consisting of the core which is formed by VP3 and VP7, and the outer shell which consists of VP2 and VP5 (10).
Contrary to experiments in which BTV-like particles are produced by co-infection of insect cells with two dual expressing viruses, all the produced particles appeared to be double-shelled VLPs and no CLPs were observed.
To determine whether recombinant viruses expressing multiple BTV proteins are genetically stable, each was passaged at high m.o.i.
Using this transfer vector, three BTV proteins, VP6, VP7 and NS1, were expressed at high level.
(A) Single-shelled CLPs composed of VP3 and VP7 were produced in insect cells infected with dual recombinant baculovirus expressing VP3 and VP7 (9).
CLPs were obtained using dual recombinant baculovirus expressing BTV VP3 and VP7 proteins as described previously (9).
To address this question, we expressed in bacteria the biologically important regions of the human c-Jun protein for use in in vitro kinase reactions.
Two regions of c-Jun were expressed, which together encompass the majority of the c-Jun protein (Figure 1A).
The second region of c-Jun that we expressed, Jun-Core (amino acid residues 239 to 322), contains the A2 activation domain and the bZIP region that specifies DNA binding and dimerisation (29).
To address this issue, we expressed in bacteria a GST fusion protein consisting of Jun residues 1-193 attached to the DNA binding domain of yeast GAL4.
This mutant protein was then expressed and compared as a DNA-PK substrate with wild-type Jun-Core protein (Figure 3B).
The resulting proteins were then expressed and tested for an ability to serve as DNA-PK substrates (Figure 4).
Also shown are the regions of the c-Jun protein which were expressed in E.coli and assayed in this report.
Genes from both clusters are expressed: cDNAs KOX2, KOX31 and KOX21 derive from ZNF11B ,ZNF33A and ZNF37A , respectively.
Genes from both KOX ZNF gene clusters are expressed
There was an absolute correspondence of KOX2 cDNA and yA136E7 sequences, demonstrating that the ZNF11B gene in 10q11.2 is expressed.
Direct sequencing of PCR fragments over 255 bp (positions 348-602; Figure 2b) demonstrated identity of KOX31 cDNA and yA4C5 sequences, and therefore that ZNF33A is expressed.
KOX21 cDNA and yA4C5 sequences are identical, demonstrating that the ZNF37A gene in 10p11.2 is expressed.
One factor complicating the analysis of ZNF genes in mammals is their remarkably high number; several hundred are known to exist in man (8), and 60-70 of these are expressed in a single cell type (T cell; 9).
RNase protection analysis using the PCR product as probe showed that the inserted sequence was expressed exclusively in RNA from visceral tissue.
Similar RNA analysis showed that the visceral isoform was not expressed in 20 day fetal rabbit smooth muscle tissues.
These results indicated that the new visceral isoform was expressed in a tissue-specific and developmentally regulated manner.
These observations raised the possibility that additional isoforms of smooth muscle MHC may be expressed in smooth muscle cells.
This isoform (corresponding to SM1 MHC) was expressed in all adult smooth muscle tissues studied and was highly tissue-specific.
A unique isoform of smooth muscle MHC is expressed in visceral smooth muscle cells
The results in Fig. 3 confirm that the isoform is only expressed in visceral smooth muscle tissues.
As expected, the probe partially protects two fragments of 63bp and 78bp corresponding to the vascular isoform (PBRUC1) which, although it is detected in all smooth muscle tissues, is only weakly expressed in visceral tissues.
The uterus appears to express similar amounts of both isoforms.
The observation that the vascular form is expressed in all types of smooth muscle suggests that the mechanism linking exon 5a to 6 is the prefered splicing pathway.
The observation that the vascular isoform is expressed in all smooth muscle cells suggests that it may represent a constitutive type of splicing pathway which has similarities to the default pattern shown by other muscle genes.
RNA analysis revealed that both inserted sequences were expressed in a tissue-dependent manner, with expression being restricted to nonmuscle cells of the nervous system.
Vascular cells do not express the visceral isoform and therefore show two partially protected fragments corresponding to the fully protected fragment shown in Fig. 1.
Understanding the transcriptional regulation of the PPT promoter has been hampered by the absence of established cell lines that express PPT at high levels either endogenously (3) or when transfected with plasmids containing fragments of the PPT promoter linked to a reporter gene (4, and personal observations]).
The endogenous PPT gene or the PPT promoter when linked to a reporter construct is expressed to high levels in cultured adult rat ganglia (5).
Since expression of SSRP1 is not inducible by treating cells with cisplatin, nor is its message highly expressed in cisplatin resistant cell lines (10), a direct link between SSRP1 function and antitumor activity has not been demonstrated.
To determine whether the Ea DH groups I-V define a functionally important chromatin domain or locus control region (LCR), we have used wild type Ea d gene constructs to generate transgenic mouse lines from strains that do not express an endogenous Ea gene product.
These results introduce an immunologically-important, putative LCR which can be used to target genes to cells of the B cell lineage, as well as to other class II MHC expressing cells, and highlight the importance of chromatin structure analysis as a means to locate DNA regions of regulatory interest which are dispersed over a large distance.
The mouse class II MHC region contains six genes (Ob-Ab-Aa-Eb1-Eb2-Ea) encoding two cell surface heterodimers (AαAβ and EαEβ) which are expressed on key components of the immune system, including B cells, dendritic cells and can be induced by γ-interferon on other antigen presenting cells, such as macrophages.
Also, specific DH sites have been used to pinpoint elements, not necessarily sequenced or with a known function, that appear to control the accessibility of chromatin domains to trans-acting regulatory factors, again even before a gene is expressed (22-24).
Following this line of reasoning, we have recently defined a series of DNase I hypersensitive sites flanking the class II MHC locus and have shown that these sites are specific to cell lines which are developmentally programmed to express the class II MHC gene products (i.e. B cell lineage cell lines), or to those actually expressing class II MHC at the cell surface (26).
The DH sites mapping within 20 kb upstream of the Ea gene (Ea DH I-V) were particularly suited to further analysis, as one of the earliest transgenic mouse models of immunologically important genes made use of inbred mouse strains (H-2 b or H-2 s haplotype) which do not express surface I-E due to a specific 650 bp deletion covering part of the Ea promoter and first exon, while Eb expression remained normal (27-29).
Oocytes were obtained from C57Bl/6 SJL F1; both these inbred mouse strains, have a deletion covering the promoter and part of the Ea exon 1 and therefore do not express their own endogenous Ea (27-29).
All transgenic mice transmitted the transgene to their offspring, and all of the lines that were generated, also expressed the transgene.
β-actin was used to control for RNA loading, and Eb was used as an internal control for the number of class II MHC expressing cells.
All mice were normalised to BALB/c expression of Ea and Eb genes, representing two copies per genome, and Ea transgenes are expressed per gene copy per genome.
Increasing concentrations of DNase I (Boehringer-Mannheim) were expressed as units per 10 8 nuclei.
Both Long and Short constructs are expressed in transgenic mice
Further, the presence of these hypersensitive sites is appropriately regulated and these sites are found only in those tissues which normally express class II MHC, as DH sites corresponding to the Ea transgene were not detected in brain tissue isolated from Long 12 transgenics (data not shown).
These DH sites are present upstream of the Ea gene in a variety of transformed cells at different stages of B cell development, but not in non-B cell lines that do not express Class II MHC (26).
The position-dependent effects seen in Short transgenic mice were mentioned previously by other groups who reported that only 3/8 mice containing 2.0 kb 5' of Ea expressed the transgene at all(11).
This could be used to define which regions are important for class II MHC Ea/locus expression, and to attempt to generate regulatory mutants that do not express class II MHC genes at all, but leave the locus intact.
In summary, in addition to previously described erythroid specific, T cell specific, macrophage specific LCRs, we have provided evidence in this paper for a putative Locus Control Region for the class II MHC, which would allow specific expression of genes to cells of the B cell lineage, as well as to cell types where class II can be expressed.
ORFs NP1450L and EP1242L are mainly expressed late in ASFV infection, after the onset of DNA replication.
ORFs NP1450L and EP1242L are expressed late in infection
The genes encoding the putative two largest subunits of ASFV RNA polymerase are mainly expressed late in the virus infectious cycle, after replication of viral DNA has begun.
The Oct-11 gene is expressed during mouse embryogenesis and in the adult thymus and testis.
Here we describe a novel murine POU domain gene, Oct-11, that is expressed during embryogenesis as well as in specific adult tissues.
Oct-11 and Oct-2 proteins were expressed in E.coli as protein A-fusions.
The POU domain of Oct-11 was originally isolated in a screen for novel POU domain genes expressed during spermatogenesis (30).
In order to address this, we expressed part of the Oct-11 cDNA containing the POU domain in E.coli as a protein A (PA) fusion protein.
By Northern blot and PCR analysis Zfx appears to be non-abundant and expressed in all tissues (47).
The isolation of Oct-11 cDNAs from a thymus library suggested that Oct-11 might be expressed in a lymphoid cell type.
This cell line expresses two Oct-11 transcripts, estimated to be 2.8 kb and 5 kb in size (Figure 5a, lane 4).
The P3U1 myeloma cell line expresses two distinct Oct-2 transcripts of 5 kb and 2 kb (Figure 5b, lane 7), whilst the other 3 myeloma cell lines all express the 5 kb but not the 2 kb transcript (Figure 5b, lanes 4, 5 and 6).
This confirms that Oct-11 can be expressed within the same cell type as Oct-2 and that Oct-11 is abundantly expressed in the P3/NS1/1-Ag4.1 cell line and its two hybridoma derivatives MR26/8cC11/E6/C12 and 2MR/47/A/D4/H1.
The recombination frequencies [expressed as genetic distancs in centimorgans (cM) +/- the standard error]are Ets-1 — 6.3 +/- 2.5 —Oct-11a — 3.0 +/- 1.7 —Thy-1 — 1.2 +/- 0.9 Drd2 .
The recombination frequencies [expressed as genetic distances in centiMorgans (cM) +/- the standard error]are Acrg — 1.3 +/- 1.3 [Oct-11b ,Bcl-2 ]— 3.2 +/- 1.6 —En-1 .
Expression was also absent from the spleen which is composed of up to 50% B cells, although Oct-11 is expressed in the plasma cell line P3/NS1/1-Ag4.1 (see below).
This suggests it is not normally expressed during B cell differentiation although we have not examined early B cells.
We found Oct-11 to be abundantly expressed in P3/NS-1/1-Ag4.1 (P3/NS), a non-antibody secreting myeloma cell line which is a derivative of the mineral oil-induced myeloma MOPC 21 (60).
Two antibody-secreting hybridomas derived from fusion of P3/NS with mouse spleen cells also express Oct-11 abundantly (data not shown).
However P3U1 (61), P3X63 Ag8 (49, 50, 61, 62) and P3/X63.653 (63) which are also derived from MOPC 21 do not express Oct-11 detectably.
It will be interesting to establish how the specificity of the interaction of these proteins with DNA is determined in cells, such as P3/NS, which express all three of the POU-domain class II genes.
Analysis of bloodstream stage transformants, produced by transmission through the vector Glossina , showed that the resistance gene was conserved and expressed in these forms in the absence of selective drug pressure.
We have shown here that the ble gene can be used as a selectable marker for procyclic T.brucei , and that these trypanosomes continue to express the gene after transmission through the tsetse fly vector.
The difficulty of transfecting bloodstream form trypanosomes (22; DJ unpublished data) may also be circumvented using this approach, in order to study the function and regulation of genes which are expressed only at this stage of the life cycle.
The genes are differentially regulated during development; for example, NF-L and NF-M genes are expressed early in the embryo, with a progressive increase during development, while the NF-H mRNA accumulates to significant levels only post-natally (3).
Nuclei were prepared from an NF-L expressing (SKNSH) and non-expressing (HeLa and K562) human cell lines and subjected to limited DNaseI digestion.
The results show that the NF-L gene is expressed at low levels in this transient assay system unless driven by the SV40 enhancer.
The human Thy-1 gene which is expressed in neuronal cells in vivo(25) was used as a control.
To check for a developmental role for these hypersensitive sites, the presence of the transgene was tested in newborn mice and where it was shown to be expressed (data not shown).
It is clear that -55bp H-NF-L construct is not expressed in the brain or any other tissues examined even when it is present in multiple copies (mouse *1 carries 5 copies, data not shown).
This construct is expressed in a tissue-specific manner in all mice examined, with the exception of mouse 13 which shows ectopic expression in the kidney and thymus.
We also tested the methylation pattern of expressing (-300bp promoter deletion) and non-expressing (-55bp promoter deletion) transgenes and found that both transgene were unmethylated to the same extent (data not shown).
The latter gene is only expressed post-natally (3) and serves as a late developmental marker.
Newborn mice from transgenic line 6 were examined for HNF-L expression by S1 nuclease protection assay and were shown to express the transgene in brain (figure 5).
Only two of these mice expressed the transgene in the brain, but at very reduced levels relative to those observed for the -300bp mice (figure 6).
However, the gene is still expressed at a low level further emphasizing that the region between -190bp and -55bp is important for basal expression.
It is clear from the results with the -300bp promoter this residual promoter fragment is sufficient to allow the HNF-L gene to be expressed in a developmentally specific manner (figure 5).
However, we had previously shown that a 2.3kb HNF-L promoter fragment linked to the Thy-1 gene was not expressed early in development, but rather mimicked the expression pattern of the Thy-1 gene (28).
The two 9 day embryos which carried the transgene both expressed the HNF-L transgene, but not the NF-H endogenous gene whereas the two month old animal expresses both genes (figure 7).
Murine NF-L, NF-M and NF-H genes as well as the chicken NF-M gene have recently been shown to be expressed after transfection in non-neuronal cells (38,26,39).
A further deletion which leaves only a 55bp promoter including a TATA box was still expressed, albeit at low levels in C1300 cells.
However, the -55bp promoter is not expressed in transgenic mice indicating that there are no downstream elements capable of driving minimal expression.
It is clear that HS5A and HS5B are not required for the tissue-specific or temporal regulation of the gene contrary to what has been suggested previously (28) because the -300bp promoter when linked to a gene which lacks HS5A and HS5B is still expressed correctly.
GRK is a kidney tumour derived cell line expressing human Thy-1 RNA (40) and RNA prepared from this line was used as a positive control for the human Thy 1 mRNA protected fragment.
We have expressed a fragment of 140k which encompasses region 2 as a non-fusion polypeptide in bacteria.
Of the five IE gene products, Vmw175 (expressed from gene IE-3) is perhaps the most important since its inactivation results in failure to transcribe early and late genes and an apparent over-expression of the IE genes (6,7).
For several reasons 140k is believed to be the functional counterpart of Vmw175; HSV-1 mutants with lesions in Vmw175 can be complemented by either transfected plasmids or transformed cell lines which express VZV 140k (11,12) and moreover a recombinant HSV-1 virus (HSV-140) with both copies of the Vmw175 coding sequences replaced by the homologous gene 71 ORF is viable in tissue culture (13).
This domain of Vmw175 has been expressed as a stable, functionally separable domain in bacteria (25,21), exists as a dimer in solution (21) and binds DNA with a specificity similar to that of the intact protein (25,21).
The corresponding DNA binding domain of VZV 140k has been expressed as a trpE fusion polypeptide in bacteria (encompassing codons 417 to 647)(27) and binds to sequences in the vicinities of both cap sites proposed for its own gene 62 promoter (28,12).
We have expressed the region 2 domain of 140k as a non-fusion protein in E.coli (codons 417 to 646) and analyzed its activities in DNA binding experiments in comparison with the corresponding Vmw175 DNA binding domain.
Plasmids expressing 140k DNA binding domain deletion polypeptides were constructed using appropriate restriction enzyme sites (as indicated in Figure 8A) for cloning into the mcr of plasmid p585T7a.
The DNA binding domain of the homologous protein of HSV-1, Vmw175, has been expressed in isolation and found to have a similar binding specificity to that of the intact protein (21,25,31).
Our intention was to express the equivalent region of the homologous VZV IE protein 140k, encompassing its DNA binding domain, in order to study its DNA binding characteristics for comparison with those of the HSV-1 Vmw175 DNA binding domain.
Wu and Wilcox (27) had previously expressed in E.coli the 140k codons 417 to 647, preceeded by 323 codons derived from the trpE ORF, and had found that this fusion peptide bound DNA in a sequence-specific manner.
We chose to express a similar region of 140k as a non-fusion polypeptide to eliminate the possible influence of a large stretch of non-homologous E.coli coding region on the properties of the fusion protein.
Both of these 140k DNA binding domain peptides were expressed to high levels and were clearly visible on SDS-PAGE gels stained with Coomassie blue (Figure 2).
The VT2X polypeptide was expressed at slightly higher levels and had an increased DNA binding affinity as compared to the VT2 version (data not shown); otherwise these two proteins could be considered identical.
Partially purified extracts of bacterially expressed VT2 and VT2X were obtained by ammonium sulphate precipitation (Figure 2) and were used for all subsequent DNA binding analyses.
VZV 140k DNA binding domain deletion polypeptides were expressed to high levels in E.coli and partially purified as described for the VT2 polypeptide.
The results in this paper demonstrate that a portion of the VZV 140k protein comprising the C-terminal portion of region 1 and all of the conserved region 2 can be expressed in isolation in E.coli as a non-fusion DNA binding domain peptide that interacts with multiple sequences in the VZV gene 62 promoter.
This Vmw175 domain, when expressed in bacteria or liberated from the intact protein by proteolytic cleavage, is able to bind DNA with a very similar affinity and specificity to the intact polypeptide (25,21,24).
The gene 62 fragment used in the construction of the plasmid expressing VT5 was isolated from plasmid pV18 (39) which is a derivative of p140 (28) with a 12bp EcoRI linker oligonucleotide inserted at codon 472.
And bearing in mind, Helen's advice  she doesn't  er, express all the resentment she once felt or se or the  er, let her speech run away with her.
Erm, which she sa Betty expresses.
Erm  and it is  sort of a controlled way, if you like, of, of allowing the the, the subconscious to be expressed.
I want to first of all express our extreme pleasure for having the arrangements that were made by our good English friends, especially those associated with the Three-Ninetieth  missile, well I'm sorry but I'll get that missile straightened out, Three-Ninetieth Memorial Air Museum.
I'm, I'm personally delighted to be here er it's almost er like er page out of the first chapter of  er  I think the  should be expressed to those of you here and any who are missing er for undertaking this magnificent project.
The Gatwick express, on the fast track to the private sector.
Er the House of lords is not a particularly passionate place but er nevertheless it is capable of strong feelings and er I don't think it it expressed a fairly clear opinion on this occasion.
On the Gatwick express, there's the luxury price.
The Mail and Express are very different newspapers from the Times, but nevertheless the top fractions of their readerships are very very high quality readers.
And I think we've seen a good number of those erm from the Telegraph, the Mail and the Express, going to the Times.
The Mail's big rival, the Express is doing much the same.
If you look at the mid-markets erm for example the Sunday Express has recently run a erm a feature on the French philosopher Louis .
Here, the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists has expressed concern about the safety of underwater births.
At their annual trade show today, cable companies expressed alarm at the prospect of competition from B T. There's a government ban on the phone company sending television pictures over its network but the regulators believe the ban doesn't cover video on demand.
At the conference of town planners today, he expressed the treasury's customary disdain for most of it.
In their thrice yearly report, the treasury's panel of independent advisors express concern about the economies fragility.
But while retailers are optimistic, at the motor show in London this morning, Britain's car makers were still expressing concern about industries prospects.
Er and I would want to express my deepest sympathy to police constable Dunn's family.
Erm you need to be really on top of indices particularly negative indices and particularly negative fractional indices and usually expressed as a decimal because when you're looking at circuits and stuff like that, you'll get the erm you know, the answer will be given in this sort of form.
Do you feel as if you're really expressing something
I'd like to take you back to that this whole idea that you've you've expressed about the idea of of state capitalism.
We've also approached Nottingham Evening Post who've expressed an interest in taking it on, but again we still haven't got a meeting, so I intend ringing them both this week, and stressing that we need to get a move on because really we need an issue out by March.
I also said that erm my I expressed that the fears that I expressed at this meeting last time about er the fact that Paul and I now supervise civilian staff, er which I've never been sat down and told what the civilians term of contract are and what I can or cannot say or whatever, so erm I feel it will be quite valuable, and brought it for me to see if anybody think it's worthwhile pursuing.
But the fact that my Noble Friend was kind enough to express it er I found was er nectar for myself.
So I think that what he has done is to try and meet the concerns which your Lordships have  have expressed er i in second reading  My Lords er I did think if I might say so with the greatest of respect for the Noble Lord, Lord Harris of Greenwich whom I admire en enormously and not for er only for his views which erm depending upon what the views are er that it depends upon my extended admiration
The difficulty is I want to try and be helpful erm er  er my Right Honourable Friend has, has made a number of conceptions and we have er put down in my name a number of these amendments to the Bill in order to try and meet those very concessions and those the anxieties which your Lordships have  have expressed.
Locke speaks of express consent but also of tacit consent  and indeed in one place tacit consent is deemed to have been given merely by being on the territory of the civil society in question.
And let me quote Locke  er here we are are we  he says  but submitting to the laws of any country, living quietly and enjoying privileges and protection under them, makes not a man a member of that society  then he goes on a little bit further down  nothing can make any man so but is actually entering into it by positive engagement and express promise and compact .
Erm they seem to have some trouble erm  grasping erm under what circumstances, according to Locke, you can be deemed to have been given, to have given express consent.
And some commentators suggest that, and I'm thinking here particularly of MacPhearson in his book erm erm erm Possessive Individualism, The Theory of Possessive Individualism  erm  they suggest that if you, according to Locke, if you purchase or inherit property in the territory of a particular civil society that counts as express consent.
But anyone who has given express consent can't do that.
Locke is not saying  erm that the purchase of property in the territory of the civil society counts as giving express consent.
Well what does Locke mean by express consent?
And that could fairly be called an act of express consent.
That's express consent.
And that I think is what Locke had in mind  to be a full member of a civil society  erm you've got to erm give your express consent for example in the form of an oath of allegiance.
Nowadays many of us find that a bit strange, after all I don't think any of us  or very few of us here in this room have actually given our express consent to be British subjects.
Her grandfather, she remembered, had expressed his feelings about Lowell very plainly indeed.
He wished the quality of his care expressed his love for her more obviously — less abrasively.
She had her own thoughts and her own way of expressing them.
Three easy words that expressed her physical joy.
Daphne not only welcomed me with open arms but to my surprise expressed delight at the thought of my  occupying one of her spare rooms.
The term ‘stagflation’ became common parlance and increasing doubts were expressed about the effectiveness of Keynesian ‘fine tuning’.
The most influential view is that expressed by a report for the OECD, which sees the intensifying economic difficulties of these years as resulting from ‘an unusual bunching of unfortunate disturbances unlikely to be repeated on the same scale, the impact of which was compounded by some avoidable errors in economic policy’(McCracken, 1977, p. 14).
The tremendous increase in oil consumption which accompanied the great burst of accumulation threatened to deplete reserves: by the early seventies considerable disquiet was expressed about the possibility of the ‘depletion horizon’ of known reserves being reduced below the conventional level of 25 years' supply.
He had expressed a similar thought to a neurologist friend of his once, to receive an alarmed look in reply.
If it was courage, his face had expressed indifference, but his back had conveyed desperation, while he had slid through the door with his body touching the wall.
This yield can be expressed as a return in percentage per annum terms so that comparisons across a range of financial assets can be made.
r = percentage return expressed on a per annum basis
As the gilt market has shrunk, several GEMMs have expressed an interest in making a market in non-gilt fixed-interest sterling securities.
Taking their lead from Marx's classic account (1926) of the regime of Louis Bonaparte, writers (e.g. Miliband 1984; Ferner 1983) have argued that stalemate between classes or fractions of classes gives the state abnormal freedom of action, loosening the impact of the usual structural constraints and enabling it to prevent the interests of civil society from being expressed.
In the model of liberal democracy, interests are aggregated through political parties and expressed within the parliamentary system.
Although these groups were often closely associated with the Francoist regime, their interests could not be expressed through the limited channels of the Francoist state.
Goldthorpe and others (Goldthorpe 1984a) have argued that these reactions express forms of political accommodations and alliances between social classes, allowing states to construct widely differing political strategies for confronting the crisis.
Third, the state has its own historically developed ‘interests’ which it can express to a greater or lesser degree depending on the balance of external class forces and their forms of representation within the state.
This type of informal intervention in turn increased confusion over the weight to be attached to the enterprise's different objectives, and made it harder to co-ordinate political goals and express them in a coherent manner.
Finally, intervention in industrial relations often expresses the tensions between long-term government strategy, for example to promote industrial restructuring, and short-term political considerations, such as electoral advantage.
As a former transport minister, Barbara Castle, expressed it,
Where the row and column classifications provide a breakdown of a single population, expressing the body of the table as percentages of one or other marginal total may be helpful.
Thus it will generally not be useful to restate raw figures in the text particularly since comparisons are a vital component of the exercise and these are best expressed as percentages or appropriate rates.
The result can be simply expressed as
The probabilities must therefore be expressed in terms of specific cohorts.
The sign  means that the rate is expressed per thousand.
Birth statistics can be expressed by a number of different measures.
This situation is doubtless taken for granted by today's generation, yet, less than twenty-five years ago, leading statisticians were expressing concern lest interposition of the machine would so distance them from the data under consideration that the quality of analysis would suffer.
there is always a danger of interviewer bias; interviewers may be tempted to express agreement with the respondent to maintain rapport; the interviewer's opinion may be conveyed by dress, accent, pauses or voice inflection in the reading of questions, thus revealing boredom, surprise etc.
For the majority of capacitors measured, the loss R S is small enough to express the power factor as  (refer back to section 5.8 if necessary).
Whenever , the output current is also zero and so, because the current is continuous between the input terminals, Rearranging terms, this gives  Through equations (8.28) and (8.29) under the condition , and  can be expressed in terms of.
The characteristic impedances  and  of these T and Π-sections are respectively given by   or  which reduces to  and   which reduces to  If the mesh currents in the nth and (n + 1) th meshes of the ladder network are denoted by  and  as indicated in figure 9.1(a), then, provided the ladder is correctly terminated, the transfer functions of its T and n-sections can be expressed as  and   respectively, which are identical.
The low and high-pass, L-C, ladder filters already discussed in this section are said to be constant-k filters because the product of the series and parallel impedances is independent of frequency, which fact can be expressed in terms of a constant k as  For the low and high-pass filters considered, k is just .
The condition  is conveniently expressed by  where  Taking the square root of both sides of equation (9.50), the quadratic equation   is obtained which has roots  or, since only positive pulsatances have physical meaning  Substituting for k from equation (9.48), these pulsatances are  and imposing condition (9.51) establishes that the pulsatance range corresponding to  is   In this range of pulsatance, the attenuation constant is zero, but from equation (9.15) there is a phase shift per section given by  In the range  which corresponds to pulsatances satisfying  and , where  and  are the critical pulsatances defined in condition (9.52), the phase shift is  but there is attenuation characterised by an attenuation constant α where  Perhaps surprisingly, condition (9.52) yields the simple relationship
For the T-section of figure 9.14(a), the image impedances are given by  and  Rearranged, these equations become    Subtracting yields  while adding gives  Hence   Interestingly, the image impedances of a section can be more neatly expressed in terms of its input impedances under open and short-circuit termination.
The impedance of a lossless transmission line may be neatly expressed in terms of the voltage standing wave ratio S at positions where there is a maximum or minimum of the voltage standing wave.
With regard to sinusoidal signals that are small enough in amplitude for the network response to be effectively linear, whatever the frequency the result embodied in equations (10.2) is conveniently expressed in terms of phasors.
Of the four terminal variables V i , I i , V o , I o , any two may be regarded as independent and the other two may then be determined or expressed in terms of them.
A complementary nomenclature expresses the series-inserted, fedback, signal voltage as , the subscript z on β indicating impedance dimensions.
In shunt-voltage feedback it is convenient to express the gain of the open-loop amplifier in terms of the gain between output signal voltage and input signal current.
Application of Kirchhoff's current law at the input gives  where  Hence the closed-loop gain can be expressed as  while the closed-loop input impedance is  With shunt-inserted feedback it is easier to find the output impedance when the input is connected to a source of infinite internal impedance, that is, to a constant-current source is so that .
Thus, with reference to the figure, the degree of stability can be expressed as the gain margin,, which is a measure of the reduction in loop gain below unity at the frequency at which the phase shift is .
Alternatively, the degree of stability can be expressed by the phase margin,, which is the phase separation from  at the frequency at which the magnitude of the loop gain is unity.
Fortunately, all such waves can be expressed as the sum of a constant term and an infinite set of harmonic sinewaves, the sinewave of lowest frequency in the harmonic set being known as the fundamental and having the same period as the original nonsinusoidal wave.
The usefulness of expressing a nonsinusoidal periodic voltage or current as an equivalent harmonic Fourier series has been alluded to on various occasions in the previous chapters.
Introducing the convergence factor , where , in the general case of a signal F(t) which is zero before time , leads to a modified transform  which it is customary to express in terms of the complex variable  as  This particular transform is known as the Laplace transform.
Expressing the operation of inverse Laplace transformation by , particularly useful results are     where the first three represent the inverse forms of equations (11.27),(11.28) and (11.29) obtained in the previous section.
Where it is required to find the inverse Laplace transform of a function G(s) which may be expressed as the ratio of two polynomials, the problem is readily solved if the function can be split into partial fractions.
Once the function G(s) is expressed in the form of equation (11.36), equation (11.32) can be used to find the  inverse Laplace transform of each partial fraction.
Thus, writing C for the capacitance of C 1 in parallel with C 2 and eliminating  between the two equations  or    where , and  In terms of partial fractions it is convenient to express the Laplace transform of I 2 as  so that taking the inverse Laplace transformation  where  Note that  and  are both positive and real since  and  The latter result follows because  From equation (11.51) the time dependence of the output voltage is given by  But  when  assuming capacitor C 2 is uncharged initially.
The results of equations (12.41) and (12.42) are particularly neatly expressed and generalised by saying that the reactances of a synthesised high-pass filter at the cut-off pulsatance must equal the reactances of their counterparts in the prototype low-pass filter at unit pulsatance.
Indeed, according to Poincaré, when Foch himself expressed doubts about an Allied offensive in 1916, de Castelnau ‘exploded’ with impatience.
One lieutenant-colonel in his prime died of a heart attack, and the German M.O.s began expressing serious concern about the physical state of the troops.
Later, on the Somme, even Dubrulle is found expressing singularly un-Catholic sentiments:
Lastly, even the blustering von Brandis, the acclaimed conqueror of Douaumont for whom war previously seems to have held nothing but raptures, is to be found eventually expressing a note of horror; nowhere, he declares, not even on the Somme, was there anything to be found worse than the ‘death ravines of Verdun’.
At Berlin and GHQ Charleville-Mézières, the Kaiser's appearances were becoming so infrequent that even his senior counsellors were openly expressing disapproval at his aloofness from the war.
Ten days later, Falkenhayn was on the telephone himself, expressing the fear that the British were after all about to attempt a relief operation, ‘and probably a landing attempt’ It was hardly surprising that on April 17th Rupprecht — irritated and not keen to be involved in another of Falkenhayn's half-measure offensives that he deplored — coolly declined his invitation to attack the British, pointing to the strong reinforcements now in the line.
A sharp row flared between himself and Knobelsdorf, with von Mudra — one of the ablest German Corps Commanders — expressing pessimism as to the whole future of the Verdun offensive.
Furthermore, he went so far as to express readiness to try to gain approval from Falkenhayn for the termination of all operations at Verdun.
At the end of April 1916, he is reputed to have expressed to General Gallwitz his readiness to come to terms with France, and even to hand back Metz.
Algebraically, the relationships can be expressed in general form as follows:
Notice that the relationship expressed in Table 5 can be written algebraically as follows: where NI is the firm's net investment measured in numbers of machines, D, is the current demand for the firm's product and D t is last year's demand for the firm's product.
In addition, money is the unit used in the financial accounts of all businesses and, for example , in expressing the values of a country's national income and balance of payments.
Thus, payment for work carried out now might be made several months later and it is convenient for the debt to be expressed and for the payment to be made in money terms rather than in terms of some commodity.
Calls for special deposits are normally expressed as a uniform percentage of each bank's total eligible liabilities.
For a government concerned with the size of the public sector and with the PSBR, an advantage of a target expressed in terms of the growth in M3 was the accounting relationship of this concept with the PSBR, with bank lending to the private sector and with external monetary flows.
This is the rate of interest expressed in money terms and is also known as the money rate of interest.
This model is expressed graphically using IS and LM curves, so part of our task is to derive and explain these curves.
The second (which I prefer) is to say that, difficult though the task is, one must try to find a way of writing rules that express what native speakers naturally tend to do in placing stress (while acknowledging that there will always be a substantial residue of cases which appear to follow no regular rules).
The nature of elision may be stated quite simply: under certain circumstances sounds disappear; one might express this in more technical language by saying that in certain circumstances a phoneme may be realised as zero, or have zero realisation or be deleted.
English rhythm is a controversial subject on which widely differing views have been expressed.
the intonation tends to take place within the lower part of the speaker's pitch range, but in situations where strong feelings are to be expressed it is usual to make use of extra pitch height.
Intonation enables us to express emotions and attitudes as we speak, and this adds a special kind of ‘meaning’ to spoken language.
Many writers have expressed the view that intonation is used to convey our feelings and attitudes; for example, the same sentence can be said in different ways, which might be labelled ‘angry’, ‘happy’, ‘grateful’, ‘bored’, and so on .
Not surprisingly, it has often been said that foreign learners of English need to learn English intonation; some have gone further than this and claimed that, unless the foreign learner learns the appropriate way to use intonation in a given situation, there is a risk that he or she may unintentionally give offence; for example, the learner might use an intonation suitable for expressing boredom or discontent when what was needed was an expression of gratitude or affection.
Alternatively, the analyst could say these different sentences to a group of listeners and ask them all to write down what attitudes they thought were being expressed; however, we have a vast range of adjectives available for labelling attitudes and the members of the group would probably produce a very large number of such adjectives, leaving the analyst with the problem of deciding whether pairs such as‘pompous’ and ‘stuck-up’, or ‘obsequious’and ‘sycophantic’were synonyms or represented different attitudes.
The notion of ‘expressing an emotion or attitude’ is itself a more complex one than is generally realised.
Firstly, an emotion may be expressed involuntarily or voluntarily; if I say something in a ‘happy’ way, this may be because I feel happy, or because I want to convey to you the impression that I am happy.
Secondly, an attitude that is expressed could be an attitude towards the listener (e.g. if I say something in a ‘friendly’ way), towards what is being said (e.g. if I say something in a ‘sceptical’or ‘dubious’way? or towards some external event or situation (e.g. ‘regretful’or ‘disapproving’).
Critical views are expressed in Brazil et al.
You are  given an indication in brackets of the feeling or attitude expressed, and you must mark on the text the intonation you think is appropriate (mark only the response).
Express your thanks.
Moreover, they have to consider those who influence opinion, sales channels and all communication media that express ideas and news.
In its report on community care funding, the committee expressed grave concerns about the ability of SSDs to record unmet need without opening themselves up to judicial review.
The study, which looked at three SSDs in the north-west of England, was initiated after departments expressed concerns about their ability to cope with new remand arrangements under the Criminal Justice Act.
On the requirement to spend 85 per cent of the DSS transfer money on the independent sector, the committee expresses concern that it will discourage SSDs from using their own residential care.
Through the programme, children learn to explore their lives and express feelings.
In our work, we often come across abused children, and adults, who seem to exist in some kind of nether world, unable to express fear, anger or love and who forever, unable to have satisfying relationships, feel alone — disconnected from themselves and others around them.
With the surprising increase in specific grants for health, and reports of 116 new AIDS cases in the UK this January, concern is being expressed that the government is downgrading its commitment to AIDS.
It is equally clear that some directors have privately expressed fears that, given the crudeness with which the 1993–4 budget trends will have been constructed, severe cash shortages could affect them by September.
Age Concern wrote in December to social security minister Nicholas Scott expressing anger severely disabled people over 65 were ineligible for the 1993 Fund.
Se Queira describes the ‘64,000 dollar question’: whether some clients could be forced to accept residential care even though they expressed an overwhelming desire to stay in their own homes.
It was the AMA's Peter Westland who, at a private King's fund College seminar on phase two of community care implementation last April, called on Wordsworth to help express his fears about care management's impact on service users.
He has got tremendous vision and in midfield he can express himself that bit more than he could at right back.
Fears have been expressed by campaigners that the huge plant might pose serious health and social risks to people living nearby.
The new acquisitions come as Manchester and North Wales stockbroker Henry Cooke, Lumsden express concern that the group's businesses require investment in excess of operating cash flow for the foreseeable future.
SUPPORTERS of author-in-hiding Salman Rushdie expressed horror yesterday at the news of an increased bounty on his head.
The over-riding reason for the President's apparent demise emerged clearly in opinions expressed by voters as they emerged from polling stations the economy, the economy and the economy.
FEARS were expressed last night that Cheshire County Council could be £10m short of cash to care for the elderly.
Now a letter has arrived from some of the American veterans of the Desert Storm campaign expressing their regret at Kevin's death.
The sentiments are expressed in a letter from a Sergeant Steven Drayton of the US Marine Corps, who is on his second tour of duty in Kuwait.
The letter expresses their ‘very deep sympathy’ to Kevin's family.
I remembered this recently with all these people falling from express trains but didn't think it could be the same on local lines as I had never heard anyone complain before.
CONCERN has been expressed that emergency calls are being answered by people who may not understand local accents.
They have written to John Major expressing their outrage.
‘We are very keen to host the competition again and determined our bid to stage it will be acceptable,’ said TCCB chief executive Alan Smith when he announced recently that three major companies have expressed an interest in sponsoring the tournament.
Rob Roy (Keith Jones 2, Dave Massett) won 3-2 at Sullivan Express and Blue Union struck something resembling normal form with a 6-2 home success against CC Speke (Peter Lavelle, John Stanley), the winners' goals coming from Phil Smith (2), Colin Harris, Tony Hawkins, Mark Davies and Kenny Jones.
But Bob explains that he has special personal reasons for wanting to help to express the gratitude that he felt when he was in dire trouble himself, thousands of miles from home, and was baled out by the kindness of strangers.
He said: ‘I want all of you to join with me tonight in expressing our gratitude to President Bush for his lifetime of service.’
Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari expressed hope for co-operation on trade and border issues.
Two private coal companies have already expressed an interest in operating the pit.
Surprisingly, modelling is not a career Chantelle wants to follow, expressing instead a keen interest in learning languages.
Outside the ground, I met Jimmy Armfield, Daily Express writer, BBC commentator and the manager who took Leeds to the 1975 European Cup final.
Austin Taylor managing director John Hudson, expressing his gratitude for the support shown, said market conditions were still tough because of the recession but added that joining CSI had greatly enhanced the Bethesda company's prospects.
Winner of two certificates at the ‘British Housebuilder of the Year’ awards sponsored by Express Newspapers.
Winner of two certificates at the ‘British Housebuilder of the Year’ awards sponsored by Express Newspapers.
WALLASEY-based same-day courier service Mercury Express has embarked on a national expansion.
AFTER Everton's poor performance at Arsenal, Howard Kendall expressed that a number of players had let themselves, the club and, more importantly, the fans down.
Tony Cottee spoke to the press to express his disappointment at being dropped and said that Everton needed a playmaker in midfield to create chances for the strikers.
The five main party leaders contesting the general election united to express dismay at the breakdown of the Gatt negotiations.
‘I have always expressed my solidarity with my colleagues even when after discussion in the commission my point of view has not been retained,’ he explained.
TEENAGE striker Stephen Perkins has just returned from a week's trial at Stoke City and the Potters have expressed great interest.
Taking part in the tribute night will be Billy Kinsley and Liverpool Express, Geoff Nugent's Undertakers, Karl Terry and The Cruisers, Clouds, The A Team, Colin Areety, Adam Fenton and Micky Finn.
Overlooking the Daily Express building has its advantages for Drury House staff.
‘Close to Eden is the latest offering from Hollywood veteran Sidney Lumet [Serpico, Muder on the Orient Express]and is due for release in the West End on June 11.
Some played up to the queue even more than I did, and at times it was quite a pantomime as they expressed themselves in their broken English with much arm waving and competitive claims.
As customers express a growing interest in how farm animals are reared, JS has sourced a new chicken.
Please could you tell me why we have an ‘Express Basket Only’ till.
, International Paint Retail Division senior product manger, said: ‘Rom-Aid director Bob Park expressed his delight with the support we provided.
‘The increasing incidence of breakdowns at sea and the resulting concern being expressed by various legislative bodies emphasise the need for a well-managed maintenance programme allied to crew training,’ said , business manager, above water coatings, at Courtaulds Coatings' Felling site in the UK.
She won the car, a Citroen AX Debut worth £6,720, in a Daily Express competition.
It all started when wine buff Liz entered another competition in the Express.
Environmental groups and local angling associations have expressed concern over the mercury levels in fish caught from the Mersey.
Unlike my counterparts in C&P, my office doesn't have any means of diagrammatically expressing ideas during meetings.
Q Magazine has been redesigned as a direct response to the two main concerns expressed by readers in the survey carried out after issue number 4.
The need to communicate more across ICI, to break down the ‘not invented here’ barriers in quality improvement, is also expressed by ICI Director Chris Hampson.
The Express routes are Glasgow to Edinburgh, Glasgow to Aberdeen, Glasgow to Inverness and Edinburgh to Inverness, while another two are Glasgow to Oban and the West Highland from Fort William to Mallaig.
At Aberdeen Journals the restaurant is open virtually round the clock, catering for the staff at Aberdeen's two newspapers and Press and Journal and the Evening Express.
Special theme days have been introduced to all Abbey National sites, and the office staff have expressed their appreciation at our initiatives such as offering turkeys at Christmas, and baking decorated cakes for special occasions.
Express Delivery
The executive dining room at Express Newspapers
SITUATED in prestigious Ludgate House in Blackfriars, Express Newspapers keep going throughout the day, so CCG provide a staff restaurant for breakfast, lunch and evening meals.
Another winner is Jean Kent, CCG's manager at Express Newspapers plc, who also took £250 for a sales lead which resulted in a catering contract at London Docklands Corporation at Thames Quay, for over 300 staff.
But he would be much happier with a National Express type privatisation in which a number of franchisees operate and market a uniform system with nationally available fares and information.
There will be regular electric trains from Manchester's main Piccadilly station and other diesel operated express services from other key northern centres such as Leeds, York, Scarborough, Huddersfield, Bolton, Preston, and Blackpool.
The airport has also established a niche in the express freight/mail market, being used as a hub and distribution centre by TNT Express Worldwide and Royal Mail.
Alan Jones, managing director of TNT Express UK and chairman of the Education and Training Working Party, reported that research had indicated a clear need for the creation of an umbrella body to make sense of and, ultimately, simplify the current maze of qualifications.
We supported the view expressed in the draft that the quality and attractiveness of town centres can be further enhanced by good public transport facilities.
It is, perhaps, interesting at this point to recall a recently expressed official view that: ‘Air transport must fulfil the demand for economic and social integration, facilitate regional economic development, serve tourism and establish air links to less developed peripheral regions with low traffic demand.’
So traffic rights are assets again — a sharp contrast to arguments  expressed elsewhere.
Mr Stack is vice president Europe for Air Express International and he was speaking just after AEI had won the British International Freight Association's 1993 Air Division Gold Award.
Business Post, the express mail and parcel carrier went to TEC Consultants for advice when it set out on the path of getting its network accredited two years ago.
In October last year, Federal Express, Business Logistics became the first transport company to win accreditation jointly with another company.
Federal Express now plans to follow the same approach with other customers.
Putting aside any cynical thoughts that it's a bit more than just communication which is needed here, I am reminded of views expressed by Prof Tony Ridley: ‘The job of the professional is to assist the politician  and clarify the issues for him.
During English lessons the children are helped to express themselves competently both orally and in writing.
To offer structured movement experiences which provide the pupil with the opportunity to express, develop and control a range of emotional, moral and personal challenges.
The course is arranged to allow you to express your ideas and enjoy yourself.
Whilst gaining the confidence to know their own worth and express themselves freely, they should also learn to respect the opinions and beliefs of others.
Wilfred Owen was a poet during the first world war and all his poems contain a strong message about war which is usually expressed through a personal experience.
The poem expresses a lot more anger in it than in ‘Futility’ where you get the impression that Owen has given up.
Having said this, there is emotion in Owen's other poems, but the emotion is created in the reader by the description of war, while in this, the grief and bitterness of the poet is more openly expressed.
Simon became inarticulate in his effort to express mankind's essential illness.
We never receive the impression that Dickens has to struggle with the English language to express his meaning.
Many expressed a desire to be able to get in touch, particularly with others who studied with them at Stirling.
Members expressed disappointment at this decision and three possible ways of taking the issue forward were suggested:
that the shop stewards would reply to Michael Taylor's memo to all staff expressing the anger and disappointment of the Union at the manner in which the decision was made, disregarding the strength of feeling of the majority of staff on this issue;
Since this was Keith Jones' last committee meeting, the committee expressed its gratitude for the valuable contributions he had made to the committee.
Miss Braithwaite expressed her appreciation of all the hard work undertaken by the retiring Vice-Chairman, Mrs. Ann McMillan and said how much she regretted that Ann was unable to be present at the meeting because of her admission to hospital.
Thanks were expressed to the retiring Executive Committee members Mrs. Vi Billington, Miss Jean Glass and Mrs. Cicely Harris and a warm welcome extended to the new committee members:
The key-fobs sent to each individual member and Group secretary during 1979 have been a great success with many people writing in to the office expressing their appreciation; it is hoped to produce a further token during out 30th anniversary year.
I should first like to express again the Society's pleasure at having had the benefit of Bedu's teaching at the Easter Course.
During the AGM of the Medau Ring (the association of Medau Teachers in Germany), which was very lively with much discussion, Dr Jochen Medau expressed a desire to make the close Medau links between Germany and Britain more official by appointment a Medau Society representative to serve on their Executive Committee.
, Training Course Administrator, expressed the need for a continuing intake of trainee teachers.
has expressed a wish to resign her position as QT Representative due to family commitments.
Congratulations were expressed to , Press Officer, for a very successful interview given on LBC Radio.
Sadly many of the views, expressed to me, have taken a negative or critical tone, and far too infrequently have I been able to pass on constructive or positive ideas and opinions.
PLEASE — come to Qualified Teachers' Day on the 18th June and be prepared to discuss this VERY IMPORTANT ISSUE — you supported our plea when we asked you to help boost membership, come along and listen and you will be given an opportunity to express your opinions.
Once during the course of a conversation with a fellow teacher she expressed the difficultly that she experiences in ‘selling membership’ to class members because she felt that there was ‘nothing to offer them.’
The meeting with the Grant Assessment Panel of the Sports Council took place in February and Pauline explained how well the new plan had been received by the panel who had expressed their hope that the rise in membership numbers would be maintained.
expresses her thanks to all who have made such great efforts to recruit new members.
HAVE YOU ANY NEWS OR VIEWS TO EXPRESS?.
Most of them have a very good knowledge of English, even down to the most obscure idiom, but they are not always fluent in expressing their ideas.
We, for our part, would have put it the other way, by expressing appreciation to the people from other churches both for their ready and effective response to our request for help and for the way they enlivened our company.
But at that Service it should also be possible to think about what has been achieved and to express gratitude for the increase.
It's not only in the dialogue that Harper Lee expresses the tension between the blacks and whites, but all through the book in her description of where people live, where they work, the churches they go to and her detailed description of the court room and how the black community sit on the balcony above, away from the whites, she gives us a vivid idea of the way life was in the 1930's and sets the scene well.
Mr Walton's view is expressed at the beginning of the novel and at the end.
Throughout the book he referred to it as the monster or used another word which expressed his hatred for it.
My own impression of Mrs. Proudie is that of a domineering and annoying woman, but one who has her own opinions and is not afraid to express them, which seems to me good rather than otherwise, but the gentlemen, Mr. Harding and Dr. Grantly, are unused to mere women daring to say anything in the presence of men, who are obviously much more intelligent!
Lewis Carroll had a very vivid imagination and I will use some extracts from both books, to show how he expressed his imagination in his work.
Both Celie and Ponyboy are fourteen when the books start and both books follow their main characters through the most eventful periods of their lives, expressing the main characters' outlook on life, their feelings and most importantly, their own personal tragedies and joys.
But concern is expressed  in the number of jobs that the perfect minister is expected to do.
But then you foil a new project to your expenditure and say look  if you want to do these  as indeed, you've expressed  then it's going to cost you so much.
In fact we  i it would  expressed interest  it will be expressed a week on Monday.
And this was expressed in a very imaginative presentation by Professor   a young   in her keynote lecture when she called  for three significant changes.
Daily Express today?
Through the Daily Ma oh Express.
The Express wasn't it?
Daily Express.
Now if you want to know what I'd like, which holiday I'd like and I probably will never do it, mind you I ne I need the person to go with because definitely you need a person to go with, I'd love to go on the Orient Express.
You know I was wai I thought oh I wonder if it'll be the Orient Express, yeah.
No, no, no, no  you could only do that, I want you to go on the Orient Express, yes.
Something to do with the Express?
Daily Express?
Er  I suppose there was, the Sunday Express  Sunday Mercury, Sunday Mirror, Sunday People  Sunday Sport  Sunday Sport.
Sunday Express magazine  Sunday Mirror.
Erm   Pizza Express tissues everywhere.
Do you think they have a proper magazine in the Sunday Express?
The, the  larger engines, the express engines don't.
Look  you can't get the express coaches.
Well  when I was last playing with it  that  James kept on er  in  and in   that erm  he stopped at the station and I have to take it  like that  far enough  cos I wanted Gordon to be there  so he co could pick up the express  pick, up the coaches
Well what sort of express?
yes Daily Express
some local paper or even, might of been Daily Express or summat like that you see
as well if you want  The Express and The Mail have much the same pictures      Got a  football magazine and a Woman  you can have a football, I can't u look
It was a show Starlight Express?
Well I thought the sa I mean eve that last thing they did  there the Starlight Express thing, I didn't have a clue what that was about.
And the other thing is of course that  Mrs   is d doing  like she's taking the, the modern musicals and things that have been, you know, down in London, like Cats and Starlight Express and things  and she's trying to imitate those, well there's no way she could ever get it as good  so she's better off doing something completely different.
Because that's the thing like, although  if she did something a bit more traditional, it'd probably please the likes of us  but when you think, the kids that are doing it, if she says oh we're doing something out of Starlight Express it'll be aah!
got talking about Sun readers, there was this girl and she, she was stood on this podium and she, she's talking to The Express and The Guardian and going like that and their taking photographs of her and then you sort of pan round, the camera pans round and you've got The Star and the Sun   going like that  fucking  its really funny,The Sun and The Star in it
Well I mean, I I take the Express
they say that ad , it pays to advertise  I mean, to me advertising has never done  anything for me  well I don't think it has anyway  but if  it pays to advertise and look at  the number of people that read the Express
you know, I I I don't, I don't look at the first four pages in the Express  cos that's
Do you get the Express?
What's wrong with the Express!
I thought you said it was in the Express?
This is the Express magazine, Sunday magazine.
take something  along there and they will value it free of charge  providing you've got a copy of the Express!
Oh it's just the Express but
Maybe reading the Daily Express, you get up and the fucking paper's all over the floor and you
A lovely time was had by all and everyone expresses their thanks.
I mean, we do make all sorts of allowances  with exams  you know, people repeat words and th and they can leave words out and  they can't think of a  eloquent way of expressing that  something at the spur of the moment so it's
Well according to the er Express I just had a look at, they reckon it's on but for about half the original sum.
A good part of that is I think, a consequence of the delay that we've had in implementing the wishes that this council has  expressed before.
I mean in  so I I come here today  with a petition that I presented  that also  talks about  proposing to  abolish the merger, I mean this is a move  just one step away from that  but I still feel in what was proposed at the last full council meeting and I would express my views to the officers  that in light of what has been  suggested  today is actually implemented  to the  wording as it stands because the joint working party that had been er  written up previously  never did meet  although if I can inform it was only the officers who actually met up and I hope that in light of all the  working group and the two heads of centres covering for each other would be  implicitly applied.
I mean, it's er  it's wo , that's one we refer to as the Donnis mobile cos we can use that when the American Express comes through.
Actually you could have gone to the A M Express conference and heard it.
and er, I get on the courses is the fact that that is very good attendance sort of thing for you to see T N T Express has been  rather than a depot.
But like just for you to know that, I mean,at the moment, got a slight shortage of staff and, us little Express girlies are like, we're all sort of desperate to please them well, and because we need to, if a customer rings we're always there for them  and the problem is, I've got like two phones on my desk at the moment, so, I could guarantee the minute I put my phone down, if anybody else is on the phone  ha,bloody phone's still ringing , I have got to answer it.
It's the T N T Express.
T N T Express U K
Danny's point is valid there because when you're reading a legal document, T, the T N T Express U K will hereafter be known as the carrier
If you were ordering hundreds  and hundreds of these would you put, express them through a parcel delivery service?
And so we might well Express these then or even send erm
Oh it's express.
They used to er se , we couldn't carry the empty ga , you can imagine that's not express parcel stuff, but the valves er, would sometimes need er replacing and we would send them a valve and, and while, instead of having any down time, we would give them  you know deliver the spare, have the spare come back for repair.
people, they don't rush back, they don't wanna urgently express back a carriage forward, they don't work.
Um, usually these kinds of writings were written by y'know kind of upper class white heterosexual men erm so er you can see where that kind of prospective was coming from, but er nevertheless these kinds of views were being expressed around about that time.
Now um I suppose in that context um one of the things that makes this perhaps rather difficult to understand is the way in which y'know kind of when you look at children playing, when you talk to children, they'll often express a good deal of curiosity about sexuality um both to each-other and to to adults.
Erm, that is kids may express curiosity, kids may even be doing things that imply they're getting some sort of pleasure out of their bodies y'know they may be, as we used to call it when I was a child, playing with themselves, um they may be erm doing various things that er that give them some sort of bodily pleasure.
That's why er many authors insist on that aspect of child sex abuse, that erm apparent consent or even y'know when it seems that the child is expressing some curiosity about that these activities, nevertheless it's abusive.
It means that um particularly in therapy it can be very difficult later on because things that we would ordinarily consider to be supportive like being kind, like erm y'know kind of putting a comforting arm round somebody's shoulders, like erm y'know ways in which people express support and affection for each-other ah are very very difficult for the survivor to accept because they're sort of the part of the way in which she, and it usually is a she, has been abused in the past.
I think the key point is Yeltsin, like Gorbachev, unlike the coup leaders is part of a very privileged elite in the Soviet Union and the difference is that to express the erm, you know trying to put them, advance themselves in society at the expense of the rest of Soviet's society, applicable difference is erm much more inventive and sort of packed on the end to justify er that, that the moves they are making, I mean at, you know like I say that can be seen in the very  democratic step that Yeltsin's been taking since he's been the Russian president.
During the past two or three generations  there have been, there has been this, this idea of God's favour being expressed in blessing.
they didn't express it as a half of twice they just cancelled it through
Er that's one way of expressing its
is the other way of expressing the gradient.
This is an old  express passenger four four O, director class.
Anne was expressing concern yesterday that  sh you know, she doesn't want to have to   you know, a syllabus.
At the G M B Centenary Congress I spoke from the platform, seconding a document on Europe and I expressed my fears and hopes along with a lot of other delegates.
It went  this conference believes, that the role of trade union councils at local level, whose value is clearly acknowledged, must be strengthened by being given the right to express a view through its democratically elected delegates at annual conference within the framework of the T U C.
I know some regions send messages out to their members who've just lost their jobs, expressing hope that they desire please stay with us, we can help ya.
I have expressed my concern to Jenny and to Richard .
Ho how would you expect to see that expressed?
The best way to start on this dis section of this discussion may be to erm express the observation that the county council and at least one of the local authorities which is Harrogate, erm are already engaged in have been engaged in for some time a very positive erm activity to try and attract to the county inward investment  predicament that the economic development unit of the county council, the economic development of at of at least the one local authority that I have named and erm prospective developers such I'm representing today, share common predicament, is that the existing structure plan constructs some obstructions, erects some obstructions to the attraction of inward investment into the county.
So sorry  can I just ask, so in effect you haven't shifted your ground from the view which you expressed in paragraph three point six of your submission where you've just confirmed in fact that you'd rather have a proper or the ability to make a sort of proper measured allocations, part of which would make provision or allow the facility to cater for major inward investment?
Right, it's clear in't it under four rule twenty eight, four, it's not essential for  the disallowance of any cost or interest that er the taxing officer should be satisfied that erm the other party has been prejudiced, in fact that is not a condition precedent to the exercise of his part and disallow interest in this here item, er any prejudice there maybe is merely one factor to be taken into account in other matters and it does seem to me that the fact the court can, can properly and should properly take into account, is, is that erm, it is desirable that  to litigation should erm comply with there obligations, either expressly, express or explicit under the rules of the court to comply with matter such as it should have orders part drawn up and served as appropriate, as I say it seems to me that er the plaintiffs's can be criticized in not erm having perfected the order of Mr Justice  er before they did so  but er, I have, it seems to me to look at all the relevant pictures in the case, er if it were the case that the plaintiff suffered any prejudice as the result of that claim, clearly that would be a matter which I would have to take into account, but I'm bound to say it doesn't seem to me that the fender of the plaintiffs to perfect the order did in fact cause any prejudice to the plaintiff and indeed if they, the plaintiffs had perfected the order, it seems to me exactly the same course of events as in fact transpired in this case, would actually have occurred and wouldn't make any difference at all, so unless it's a matter of simply of er seeking to punish the plaintiff as a matter of discipline, it seems to me there is a, not really anything in the point that the order was not perfected er when it seems to me it should of been, and I, there stood to see the other er circumstances, now it's quite clear to me having been referred to correspondence, passing between the solicitors that erm although really from a very early stage er the plaintiffs solicitors  referring to Mr  a letter of early nineteen ninety one indicating that erm the view was being taken that the likelihood was that erm the plaintiffs would have to get their costs out of the defendants share and interest in the premises and er that would be a matter which could only be dealt with when the  enquiries director by Mr Justice  had been dealt with.
Since there is some evidence that the fears expressed by the Weeting Parish Council about long distance lorries being diverted to the Bury St Edmunds, Brandon, Weeting, King's Lynn
er Chairman thank you for inviting me to come erm here today, er particularly as Mrs  who's the other member of erm, affected by the lorry ban on the A ten eighty eight it's unfortunate unable to come, erm and thank you for including me in the er consultation process that you're planning with Norfolk County Council, er Chairman obviously I wish to support this, but just erm if I could make a couple of observations on your paper, erm firstly particular relation to the discussion we just had about Brandon, erm, I am aware Mr Chairman you've just described the er highways people in Norfolk as very reasonable, but I think that members will see particular if they look at problems like four point one that we do have to handle er working relationships with some care and I would want to express regret while I won't be less impolite than that, but Norfolk have not even seen fit to put up signs erm warning of the lorry ban erm in Thetford, erm, which shows er not exactly the spirit of co-operation, I hope we're going to be able to achieve in the consultations about Brandon and I thought
Chairman I think I have to offer an apology to members and Mr  in particular and the town of Bungay with a rather erm over which sentence expressing the press release, I mean we are continually trying to issue news items, press releases, progress reports and anything we're doing and usually the press are very good and quoted for a basis, sometimes they get it wrong and mangle it up with some bits of disaster, on this occasion that is not the case, the, the actual press report did determine the phraseology used in my in lease them so I have to accept the responsibility for the phrase to act of your recommended this morning so it down sake, could abandon ideas which they can buy it, of course those crazy ideas used in and out of the court is what matters.
And from the moment it is, comes out into the world it's will is expressed again and again and again!
It's best to express your opinions.
One is at a total loss  for words to express adequately how one really feels inside, you know.
Finished it all, and then, I just decided  then I sorted out my washing, and then I decided what part I was gonna do, I'd narrowed it down to either topic, task or topic erm, stable features, which are, sort of, erm, self confidence and things, and erm, how you you express yourself, and then a third one is like sex an and gender and age.
the roller express no more.
Do you want  or Visa, or American Express ?
Yes, I think that the crucial thing that's emerging, especially from the area of artificial intelligence, is that we're beginning to understand that what the name of the game is getting people to express their intentions, and for a long time we've been, as it were, stuck in languages that don't really help you to do that and we're really beginning to understand now that erm what people are doing when they program indeed, I mean as it were the ace programmers, are expressing their intention for whatever's to be done in the task the computer's to perform clearly.
Well increasingly, of course, they are English words and that's because, increasingly, we are getting closer and closer to erm expressing intention, and the thing about language, you see, is that it was designed by nature to be a vehicle for intention, and that's what we all secretly know, but in fact we've never been helped to think about it.
That's right, and until he does that, until he does, as it were, grasp the mettle and begin to express his purposes, his procedures, directly to the computer, he will always be at the risk that what gets expressed is not what he quite wanted, just a little bit different, he and he alone, is the person who knows what the company purposes are.
Horses on which large sums of money are bet, such as the Grand National or the Derby, they are horses that the bookies pay a great deal of attention to and the overround that they calculate — they offer odds in such a way that you can't, by judiciously placing your bets, guarantee to win, and the overround is erm a thing that you can calculate which expresses, if you like, the average percentage in favour of the bookie on that race.
It's easier to express complex ideas in PASCAL.
There's been a recent H M Is report, which has asked some questions about mixed ability teaching and expressed some worries about those teachers who perhaps don't have the adequate support and preparation for mixed ability teaching, but they're certainly not against it, or the H M Is are certainly not against mixed ability teaching.
And we found that all five of these sorts of experiences were expressed much more by the employed people we interviewed than by the unemployed people.
If I could just come in here, there are many opportunities for them to express their individual talents.
These general truths culminate in a final illumination, an ultimate discovery, brought back by Proust from his exploration of time, intellect, memory, and this discovery, this final illumination, is I think his assertion that there exists an extra-temporal and infinitely potent reality which only great art can express.
It's not felt that your private life in terms of your political opinions will necessarily impinge on your public life, and, and to deprive somebody of the right to express their opinions in public would be regarded as an infringement of his civil liberties, which would be unthinkable in a republican erm situation.
I, I'm sorry to keep saying ‘Yes’ to everything  that you're, you're suggesting, but yes, we are thinking about communication skills, particularly the encouraging and helping children to learn to write properly, I don't mean calligraphy, I mean actually write and express themselves on paper, oral communication, and things of this kind are things that we do want to pay attention to.
erm We shall have our own ideas, of course, and these are expressed at this stage in terms of these general themes, but we surely will respond when, if there are any suggestions coming.
I feel that it shows itself in the contrast between the child's — we're talking about children for the moment, although obviously there are dyslexic adults — it shows itself in the contrast between the person's ability to express him or herself in words and their ability to put it down on paper and to read it off paper, and it's this contrast which often arouses one's suspicions that there might be some problem and, having gone into it a little, we find that it stems from a failure of the sensory motor system — the brain isn't processing the information it's receiving through the ear and eye.
erm in a very interested book called Darwin on Man recently by a psychologist called Gruber, Gruber has argued that Darwin had a conviction which could be expressed by saying that things which are natural are necessarily gradual, and things which are sudden are miraculous and not natural, that he had this equation in his mind erm long before he erm became and evolutionist, long before he abandoned his belief in religion which he largely did later, and Gruber traces it back, interestingly enough, to the arguments of a theologian, Sumner, who later became an Archbishop, who  Darwin took notes on his ideas when he was a student at Cambridge erm which are still extent, and what Sumner had argued, among other things, was that a good argument for believing in the divinity of Christ, that Christ was divine rather than simply being a gifted teacher, was the suddenness with which the beliefs of the ancient world were transformed by Christ's teaching.
The major claim is a claim which has been expressed as the claim of de-coupling.
I think Sussex has got to find a new, new hat, and got to express itself and demonstrate that it is in no sense relying on twenty five years of erm of erm fairly high reputation that the next twenty five years and the next twenty five years after that are just as challenging, perhaps even more so.
erm I mean I think if you dragged it in by its heels there is a message there, in that erm the struggle, again coming back to the university, that young people face in a competitive society, in an attempt to express themselves, to demonstrate that they have something to give and that no matter how difficult the whole economic circumstances are, and how problematical the question of employment is, young people are entitled, or society ought to see that they're entitled, erm to some manner of expression, some form of expression, to express themselves.
In that little crucible of the theatre that story was demonstrated, that here were people of phenomenal talent, with an enormous amount to give, with the tremendous burning desire to express their feelings and their attitudes, and to the enhancement of other people's lives, and how cruel it was that it was so few that got through.
He speaks directly to us in the first person and he expresses something very like fear and even self-pity, the distress of the poet, seeing himself as a kind of natural victim, and it may be the distress of the puritan living on after the Restoration and afraid of the wild route, which is Charles the Second's court, though I think we can be a little sceptical of this and we certainly don't know with sufficiently accuracy when Paradise Lost was written.
Something of that strange  that strangeness and that irony lies behind the famous claim ‘I will try to express myself in some mode of life for art as freely as I can and as wholly as I can, using for my defence the only arms I allow myself to use — silence, exile and cunning.
With the myth gone, they were faced rather with what Eliot called the intolerable wrestle with words and meanings, or, as Beckett was to put it, nothing to express, nothing with which to express nothing, from which to express, no power to express, no desire to express, together with the obligation to express.
You see at Banbury School our governing body erm has expressed itself clearly as against the tertiary education proposals as they were first put forward, and I am very pleased to have heard during the debate that they've been amended as a result of  quite a lot as a result of the discussion that has gone on.
Well there's no question but which  therapists and people of medical profession have come across cases of people who have indeed been scarred for their whole lives and  and found it very difficult to  to maintain trust and relationships and  and be able to achieve their potential as a result of the sorts of situations that they endured, and perhaps we're more understanding about those sorts of areas of the human need to  to be able to express anxiety and to feel that to  to express fears is  is not something that's going to overwhelm people that are around us, so that adults who are in the care of children, be they teachers, or parents, or child care workers, can allow children to express their feelings so that they don't need to hold on to them and thereby increase the fears that they have.
Well, children can be allowed to express their anxieties verbally and to learn perhaps from the adults' modelling around them that to talk about these things in moderation is perfectly acceptable erm but not to do it to the extent or to allow children to perhaps watch the news coverage to the extent that they become over excited and are not able to contain their own feelings of anxiety about loss and damage and death and separation from parents and significant adults.
Yes, I think as adults one thing we have to do is actually trust the wisdom of our children to let us know, to give us the cues to when they need to talk or express their fears in some way erm I mean that's our duty not to stop them talking, not to stop them asking questions, but to be aware of when they may have fears.
Yes, I think it's  just to follow on from that erm about trusting children to  to give us the sort of clues that we need to be able to respond to, very often they do that in ways that are not directly associated perhaps with the anxiety that's around, so that they may be expressing their anxiety by just generally difficult behaviour or by wetting the bed at night, or maybe being quite disruptive in their play, or provoking other children, and adults who are able to see that sort of behaviour as useful for information for us, so that we can respond appropriately, not out of anger and a erm judgemental sort of response, but in a way that we can support their anxiety by  by not getting over excited and + and erm responding in a very aggressive way to the very aggression that they're expressing as a result of their anxiety.
Yes, Elizabeth Howell of Exploring Parenthood, certainly that is the case, both with parents and with people like teachers or child care workers, who are in locus parentis for many hours of the day, and our sense is very much that if the adults around children can feel supported and confident that they can acknowledge their own fears and anxieties that they will then be better be able to transmit that measured response to the children in their care and it was very interesting last week, I heard from an educational psychologist in the north of England who said that a group of teachers had asked from several schools to come together to think about the resources that they needed to set in place in order to deal with the children's behaviour, and after the meeting, at which they were able to express their anxieties, they then returned to their various areas and when the psychologist contacted them a couple of days later they said we felt sufficiently supported by knowing that others are struggling with the same issues and that we could acknowledge our concerns about it, that we now feel able to get on with the job of helping the children, and I think that was a very good example of adults finding a way to acknowledge their own anxieties and thereby to increase their effectiveness in dealing with the children that  in whose care they have.
The danger is when they're the ones that  if they're the ones that stop other people sorting out their own feelings and emotions erm and I think in the work that I've done in schools and in other situations following disasters one of the biggest problems has been that those expressing denial or saying that we should be able to cope with this, children are resilient, they don't have these problems, erm they've often stopped people getting the help that they need; often stopped other teachers getting the help that they need.
By expressing erm the idea that you should be able to cope, therefore if you can't cope there's something wrong with you.
Well if we're continually in contact with people as growing children who don't allow us to express our feelings, or who behave in a way that would seem to deny that those feelings of hate and rage and love in their extremes exist at all, then obviously one doesn't develop a sense of trust in what one perceives from oneself, and that erm on erm an accumulative basis is going to result in a person who doesn't feel terribly confident about the feelings and their awareness that they have.
erm and I would like to think that in spite of all the pressures that you have in schools now with National Curriculum and everything else, there will still be space for children to be able to express emotions.
At the moment they, of course, may be expressing quite strong emotions.
Indeed, and to allow them to take that sort of action that they feel allows them, or enables them to express what they're feelings are , but to assume that they can take the sort of action that we as adults have not been able to take, i.e. to find different ways and more mature ways of resolving conflicts is putting expectations on children that we as adults haven't been able to achieve ourselves.
By opportunities for learning that can be at depth, about learning about ourselves, but also the practical things like what do you say to a child whose father's come back mutilated from war erm how do you write a letter to a bereaved person, and I think children  I mean they are capable of doing this, I've seen it with my own children, with some help they're able to express quite deep emotions, you know, to somebody who's had a bereavement, and if they can learn that now, you know,it's going to be a lot easier later on.
Yes, I don't think it's just diverting , again it's great learning in finding out about what those children are experiencing, learning how to express it
If they come up with a question maybe just find out what's being it erm not just reaction to a particular behaviour, but asking them how the feeling, you know  maybe pointing to the bit in their body that's actually feeling butterflies or whatever and trying to help them to express the fears and, more importantly, to make them concrete in terms of play, drawing, or acting it out.
From that moment in time they will have the opportunity to express their views to Councillors, to myself, to my staff.
Firstly, I was  I too was, if I can use the expression, gob-smacked at the strength of feeling that was expressed at the Social Services Committee and subsequently at the Policy Services Committee as well.
And how do these people express their anger to you?
I think, Bill, Pauline's expressing the frustration that we feel, that as David was saying earlier, as Christians we feel particularly that we are called to serve people like this in great trouble, and yet sometimes you think, you know, however many times I try erm there seems to be many people for whom erm all my effort gets nowhere, and I feel that things are getting worse in society and one feels more and more helpless and hopeless, and therefore there's a kind of frustration erm that builds up here erm
Would you want them to be able to express their emotions more intensely and precisely, able to show how they feel?
The way people express emotion is not simply a gender, it's not simply about how men and women behave, it's have how erm people behave in different parts of this country, or between England, say, and France.
I would certainly  I would certainly hope that men would become much less erm nervous and ashamed about expressing emotion erm and I would certainly hope that erm men learn as much as women do about erm how to look after children and how to bring them up, and I think there's some evidence that that actually is happening.
Your question about why aren't women angry — maybe people don't express anger until they can see that there is some point in being angry and that being angry actually helps you to change things.
An all-party delegation of MPs from the area met transport minister Peter Bottomly to express their fears about traffic chaos around the new M 40 link.
There's obviously frustration on the part of low paid women members of NALGO and some of our NUPE colleagues, and we are pleasantly surprised that they felt = and I wish now to express frustration at that response of management to break off local negotiations on their grading structure.
It really is exciting and something which it's difficult to express and even better if we can do something for Herefordshire and bring back a winner.
: Ma  for a few years and recently we've reassessed the doses and also we've reassessed the risks so those two things together have caused us to express our concern and to advise the government what to do about it.
And if you can express what you're doing in a way which catches their imagination, you've got marvellous media material.
Dubbed ‘The Beast of Shepherds Bush’ for a string of sex attacks on blonde women in 1969, Lashley expressed no emotion when the guilty verdict was read out.
British Rail chairman Sir Bob Reid has written expressing his sympathy, but B R's Brian Johnson said it'll be a while before he can guarantee Sylvia Pedder won't have to travel in the guard's van.
Mr Isles says ‘legal officials in south Oxfordshire have already expressed an interest’, and Home Office Minister, John Patten agrees the fairess of the system is something that should be envied.
Police in north Oxfordshire are expressing concern about a recent spate of bicycle thefts; over the past month, over twenty have been stolen in the Banbury area.
The Oxford University Student's Union has expressed its disappointment at the Government's action on the Student Loans Bill in the Commons last night.
I think if debate had been continued then many backbench Tory MPs would have expressed their reservations and their concerns about the Government's proposals.
Some people have expressed concern that the merging of the two Germanies could pose a serious threat to the economic and political stability of Europe.
It's looking promising at the moment, we've had a lot of support from the people of Didcot, er a number of companies have made donations, T N T express have given us a van to er transport the bikes to the start/finish, and Denton Cycles spares for the bikes if we break down, punctures being the worst
We will be recording er, talking to individual groups that are interested in, in er expressing their views, particularly groups that perhaps have been involved with the protest, and er are you know, not happy with, with some aspects of the motorway.
Many expressed the feeling that Gorbachov is now more vulnerable than ever before, and that Yeltsin has a unique platform from which to attack the Soviet leadership.
There has been a recent H M I report which has asked some questions about mixed ability teaching and expressed some worries about those teachers who perhaps don't have the adequate support and preparation for mixed ability teaching, but they are certainly not against it, or the H M I is certainly not against mixed ability teaching.
They noted and endorsed the reservations about the various areas of policy development and ways of implementing the policies expressed in the report.
No, we were expressing our sorrow, Graham, I assure you
In that task I am assisted by a team of six managers, all of whom are professional nurses and district nurses or health visitors and they of course are there to advise me on professional issues, and to share with me the management task of using the resources of Oxford City in the way that we feel is best appropriate, and in doing that, I think one of the important things for us to do, I don't think we do it quite as well as we should, is to work more closely with the local council, and to look really at what the needs of our local communities are for health, and to try and make sure that the feelings that might well be expressed by individuals, either individually, or through caring associations, or through other statutory agencies, or through voluntary health organisations, are actually given a chance to be there, and to influence our, that official policy and constituents , and to, to influence the planning process.
erm But I raised this at the alcohol forum, because erm sometime this summer I had a phone call from Mr Bailey here, who is a resident of East Oxford, to express his concern about various problems erm in East Oxford, problems that were posed to residents there.
So I think I can  express some of my neighbours concerns, unless, particularly, not particularly worried about those, but there is a general feeling that things are getting worse, and that they're not safe in their own homes, among the more elderly.
I think that's, I mean I think that's why the, the two interesting ends of the U K press are the tabloid end, because it looks, it looks as if it's sort of forged in the heat of hot metal and steaminess and erm the top end and things like the Express and The Mail seem to be entirely flabby in the middle.
He didn't take a positivistic line and argue that the sentence ‘God exists’ is literally meaningless, but he did at least think that it was, expressed a proposition which no reasonable person would accept.
It wasn't original, but what it was, as always with Russell, was something expressed with uncommon verve and humour and a persistent, sinister, undermining irony, in which he excelled.
He repeatedly expresses himself as awestruck by nature and by the contemplation of truth, and as having a, a desire to worship something outside himself.
For the rest of Russell's life there was a constant tug of war between the very real religious sentiments which he expresses in passages like those and his sceptical attitude towards established religions.
His immense desire to have something outside himself that he could look up to and worship expressed itself not merely in that idealistic phase that he'd just gone through, but in his attitude towards mathematical truth.
Being forced to answer a series of closed questions that don't adequately allow you to express your real needs.
United started off like express trains despite that too  weak lay off, in the second minute, Martin Foyle broke clear into the box on the left side, and from a tight angle goalkeeper Bob Bolder blocked the ball with his feet; a minute later, Les Phillips' shot was diverted over the crossbar by the foot of Alan Kernigan.
It celebrates the past, it challenges the future and expresses in one voice the community's belief in itself.
As for the musical — well, it was Nunn who directed the original London and Broadway productions of ‘Cats’, ‘Chess’, and ‘Starlight Express’, and, among others, ‘Porgy and Bess’ at Glyndebourne, and ‘Les Miserables’for the RSC — now the most performed musical in the world, and winner of no less than eight Tony awards on Broadway!
American Express sir?
American Express!
