Alderson is revealingly described: ‘poor old John Alderson [has]gone careering off the rails,[and is]now shacked up with the liberal party…an intellectual liberal reformer with radical ideas [whose]philosophical mumbo jumbo, often incomprehensible, and not very original, did nothing to impress’.
Still, it impresses the grant-givers, without whom…’
Hopeless to try and impress you with my slender collection of classical music.
Some people impress by what they do, others by what they say, yet others by what they are.
This so impressed the then president of the Canadian branch of the Anglo Jewish Association that he invited the young man, scarcely more than a boy, to be its secretary; the start of a highly successful and very wide range of business and charitable interests.
I said, ‘that should ruffle a few feathers,’ but she didn't seem the least impressed.
Cash greatly impressed in defeating 25th ranked David Wheaton, and then by taking Lendl to 7–6 in the 3rd set in the final.
Liefmans plan to impress potential customers with their products at this month's Innovate 91 exhibition in London where they will have a stand in the ‘Real Ale Village’.
He impresses me enormously.
Impressed by their studiousness, we carefully counted out some coins, making sure each boy got the same amount.
Impressed by her friend's Retriever's good nature, Marjorie decided on a Labrador.
Both he and Sonya Marmeladov, in their separate areas of the novel, impress the need to accept suffering.
But there are many good things here, nevertheless -these are skillful, powerful drawings, which impress by their sure sense of rhythm.
The astounding indulgences granted Winterbotham by the regime apparently formed part of a scheme to woo ranking foreigners and through them impress their governments with Germany's mounting might.
You can try to impress the waiter as a serious customer by specifying the type of tea you want, rather than just the brew in general.
That's because we are all impressed by authoritative statements spiced with statistics.
Grand Metropolitan remained impressed by the thought that it could be Sir James Goldsmith's next target, The shares rose 6p to 604p.
I impressed on them the need to bring independence to Namibia and progress in South Africa.
He said afterwards that he and his colleagues impressed on Mr Patten their fear that the tax could be a ‘poisoned chalice’ if it was not made attractive to voters.
It impresses itself upon you subliminally.
Everyone has it impressed upon them that on the day there will be no discussion of any problem.
But what most impresses you about this phenomenal piece of theatre is less its class affiliations than its national attributes: a drama of mutinous impulses crushed by an authoritarian social system is given consummate rendering by a cast who very triumphantly unite energy and discipline.
His first posting in 1915 took him to the Toba Batak country in Northern Sumatra in time to witness the Muslim Acehnese rising against their Christian rulers; an event which made him appreciate the approaching crisis of Islam as a focus for nationalism, and impressed upon him the urgent need for Muslim-Christian accommodation.
He will be supported up front by Hamburg's Jan Furtok and the tousle-haired Roman Kosecki, a lively substitute at Wembley who, like his captain, Dariusz Wdowczyk, will be hoping to impress British talent spotters.
This, because he wants to cut a figure among the fighting lads and impress Parolles, he is forced twistedly to repress.
‘It was something that impressed a lot of people.’
This era of mild concessions to Belorussian culture impressed Belorussians amongst the diaspora abroad who continued to believe that a truly democratic system might yet emerge.
In addition the strategic significance of the railways had impressed itself on the Bolsheviks.
They and the neighbours were but mildly impressed and Maria clearly disbelieving.
What impressed me most was the support the boot gave — almost like a ski boot but with no compromise of movement or sensation of cramping.
His yielding to the edicts of Number 10 on financial policy eventually enabled the main thrust of Thatcherite innovation to show itself here, even though it was often the moderation as much as the radicalism which was to impress observers.
One of the notable features of the mid-Thatcher period was a revival of the civil liberties movement, as governmental pressures against individual right of expression impressed themselves on the public consciousness.
His appearance, that first term, failed to impress everyone as it failed to impress the Master of his college.
You now know who it is you want to impress.
I impressed him with my work on the Motors and Camel.
’ A little later Kipling presents the description of a breaking wave as a ‘banjo string drawn tight’which so impressed Eliot.
So, impressed by him, I got myself a bass guitar.
Her disenchantment with the Foreign Office, already evident over Rhodesia and the EEC, came to a head during the Falklands War and she brought in Sir Anthony Parsons (who had impressed her during the war when he was ambassador to the United Nations) to advise on foreign affairs and appointed Roger Jackling to advise on defence.
But when MacDonald saw the King again at 10.20 p.m., to report that he ‘had no alternative than to tender the resignation of the Cabinet’, the King ‘impressed on the Prime Minister that he was the only man to lead the country through this crisis and hoped he would reconsider the situation.
At the beginning, His Majesty impressed upon them that before they left the Palace some communiqué must be issued, which would no longer keep the country and the world in suspense.
Three times he had made it clear to MacDonald that he did not wish to accept his resignation — on the morning of Sunday 23 August, when he told MacDonald that he would ‘advise them  (the other two party leaders) strongly to support (him)’; at 10.20 p.m. on the evening of the same day, after the Cabinet meeting, when the King ‘impressed upon the Prime Minister that he was the only man to lead the country through this crisis and hoped that he would reconsider the situation’; and at the Buckingham Palace conference itself.
impressed upon the Prime Minister that the country had to be saved and that there should be a combination of all decent minded politicians towards this end.
It was while travelling around the world for the UN that she first became impressed with the simple forms of cosmetics made from natural ingredients used by remote communities.
‘Do you think they will grow here?’ he asked, impressed that they had come all the way from London.
Nathan was awestruck with the audacity of it all, but when he turned to tell me how impressed he was I was asleep.
On the other is the atmosphere in schools, with its contempt of anything Indian or Pakistani, which impresses on them that western dress is superior to anything Asian.
Subjectively it feels every bit as fast as its maker claims, but what really impresses is the torque.
Like the G40, it impresses with its throttle response and low-rev urge, but while the supercharged car is merely annoyingly noisy at speed, the GT brings a headache.
The Corrado also impresses in its rear passenger-space.
JA II impresses first with how tiny it looks for a car with such a monstrous reputation, second for the sheer physical intensity of the power when the Ford V8 crashes into life.
Mika Hakkinen did a superb job for the under-financed Lotus team, the young Finn impressing everyone with his mature and confident approach after stepping up from Formula 3.
Larini impressed for Lambourghini
Renault is working hard to improve the quality of its products, and I must say the panel fit and finish on H375 DRV impress me.
Many multi-storey mills impressed — and continue to impress — by their sheer size.
King James I was a vain, foolish man, full of grandiose, impractical plans to impress the rest of 17th-century Europe.
What impressed them most was that ActionAid works with the people themselves to decide how the money should be used to help the whole community.
Like animals, they are great levellers — not remotely impressed by a string of titles — and he always found he could build up a good rapport with them.
Ships with Wings (1941), for example, tells the improbable story of a flyer who loses his commission after an attempt to impress the admiral's daughter leads to the death of her brother.
‘Alternatively, a woman may have low self-esteem, feeling she can only impress others or make them like her by buying status symbols or the latest fashions.
‘I have been most of all impressed by the contention that removal to such an area would be damaging to the morale of journalists.’
Arabs are no longer seen as cowardly and loathsome terrorists; their determination and solidarity has impressed their enemies.
Arabs are no longer seen as cowardly and loathsome terrorists; their determination and solidarity has impressed their enemies.
With his tie awry, an alert pair of eyes sparkling behind gold-rimmed spectacles, he impressed the party by coming to the point rather than indulging in what he called the prefabricated speeches he had always hated.
No one impressed more than the 21-year-old Hawick wing Tony Stanger whose hat-trick of tries boosted his tally to five in two internationals.
If the approach was to impress the reported carloads of northern scouts, they would have returned home with the memory of short explosive bursts, close support play and dogged determination, but little else.
Unfortunately he failed to impress as a full-back.
You dress to impress, the clothes you wear say a lot for you.’
Bobby Robson, suitably impressed, said: ‘Gascoigne gave a very reasonable performance.
But one child I know caught his parents prowling around with stockings at the dead of night and is now impressing upon his little pals that the whole thing is a con.
Mr David Icke, a Green spokesman, said the Government appeared embarrassed that the bill would fail to impress as a careful response to environmental problems.
We are in the Old Vicarage Farm now, which Johnson describes as a pretentious heap of shit built to impress the local peasants.
Robson, who saw Brazil beat the Italians 1-0 in Bologna in October, flew on to Cagliari disappointed at the spectacle in the Feyenoord Stadium but impressed with Brazil's organisation.
The free-kick from Cruz that beat Italy was one, and the run and cross from Jorginho which led to Careca heading the winner in Rotterdam another, but in these games Brazil have impressed as a team without making you want to leap out of your seat as Pele once did.
Similarly Crest Homes Colegrove Down development of 21 luxury 4 and 5 bedroomed residences on Cumnor Hill Oxford has recently commenced and is also impressing the public with its exceptional elevated location and high standard of finish.
It was built to impress, and this it still does, rising from the village which huddles around it.
Bruce Davidson was making a meal of explaining a straightforward case essentially because he was trying to impress Catherine Crane.
‘Is one of them Perry Wilson?’ she enquired, visibly impressed.
‘Better grades than mine,’ McLeish said, impressed.
In 1957, costs were too uncertain and experience too limited in putting together so complex a weapon system for the Treasury to do more than impress on the Air Staff that the TSR 2 must be accommodated within the Air Ministry's financial ceilings.
The calm, friendly manner of Mr Major and his ministers has impressed their colleagues.
Instead of impressing its customers with the ease and convenience of, say, Microsoft's ‘Word’ word-processing program, the company hopes to wow them with the way that ‘Word’can incorporate charts or query a remote database for the latest sales figures.
With a bit of luck, his example may impress fellow black nationalists across the border in South Africa.
Mr Kaifu might accumulate enough successes to impress his party when it decides who should lead the country for the next couple of years.
Spain's truculence is, in a sense, the proof of its maturity: no longer need it impress fellow members.
There is so much of Keats that he admired — his pugnacity, his social concern, his gusto, his direct presentation of the moment's phases of mind and moods of temperament — that one becomes aware of the impress of Thomas's own mind and experience through his comments on Keats: ‘Because he was then in the midst of his greatest period, and had to find vent for the pressure of poetry within him, he had to live away from Fanny Brawne, at Shanklin and Winchester: had he been near her long, at this time, love and poetry together, not to speak of the ‘hateful literary chit-chat’ of Hampstead, would have been insupportable.
A particular man is some matter with the general form of humanity ‘impressed’ on it.
Being signed by Hampshire as replacement for Andy Roberts just a few months after his Test debut gave him the chance to impress Clive Lloyd in county matches and in 1982 he really came good with 134 wickets, the best season's haul since the reduction in championship matches in 1969.
In fact it proved surprisingly genial and Margaret Thatcher's transparent ability (later to impress another political opposite, Mikhail Gorbachev) had its effect on François Mitterrand.
It still has its power to fascinate and impress.
‘That's just a ploy — done to impress a prospective client who's coming this afternoon.,
Christopher seemed impressed by this.
Sure, the newly created position with its impressive job title sounded important, but that was only to impress the media and the public.
It impressed no-one at corporate management level.
He was a young lawyer of about thirty in his first year in  Parliament, who had sufficiently impressed someone in Government to have been given the job of Junior Minister at the Trade office.
Nigel said ‘Your place or mine?’ when they'd both duly impressed each other with lies.
Nigel determined to impress her by his abstinence and sensible qualities.
One day while he was in his favourite bar, busy impressing a young temp, his wife walked in.
After the first exchange of letters, he would tell Viola about it to impress her of his need and, indeed, his right to her.
Buñuel, the creator of a film that deeply impressed my youth,Los olvidados , gives a love-hate description of his Zaragoza childhood in his autobiography,Mi ultimo sospiro (My Last Gasp).
Beaker pottery is characterised by often skilfully made vessels with an S-shaped profile and zones of geometric decoration produced by impressing twisted cords, stamps or combs into  the clay.
‘What has always impressed me deeply…is the blind despotism of fate…the terrible, indifferent Fate, this tyrant Chance, slays or spares, mutilates or rewards, annihilates or passes by without herd, without thought, with absolute blankness of purpose, aim or passion.’
Towards the end of the nineteenth century this belief began to impress itself upon a few mature minds that were open to a concept of childhood quite different from that of an earlier age, when children tended to be regarded as nothing better than undeveloped adults.
A conducted tour of the house by the whole family, brought him at last to the top floor where his bedroom was proudly displayed, which, though huge and filled with awesome furniture of hideous elaboration, impressed him less than the meticulous care with which his soldier servant — batman was apparently a naughty word in the Guards — had unpacked his belongings and laid all essentials neatly in the right places.
Yet this fact does not seem to have impressed Orwell and some other, more recent, writers.
Clearly impressed with is new-found walking advertisement, he finds Madonna ‘very easy to get along with.
Suggestions that he could avoid the damage by protecting the wheat fields with electric fencing do not impress Mr Berry.
If you want to impress your friends, you can nonchalantly steer them towards the small plaque on the side of the bonnet.
Neither was the paintwork, whose ‘orange peel’ finish didn't impress.
He made no effort to be understood, or liked; no attempt to impress.
Mungo said, full of bravado to impress Emily.
He knew them all, but somehow his special talents always failed to impress those who really mattered.
Most of them produce an annual flush of bloom, but this is unlikely to impress as much as the beautiful leaves themselves.
If what he saw through security did not impress him, Tammuz need never know he'd had a visitor.
He performed cures of both body and mind but from compassion, not to impress doubters.
As one looks along the line of great bishops stretching back to Boniface and Wilfrid and the great Gallic and Spanish bishops of a still earlier age, one understands what impressed these writers.
Patting does not mean slapping the horse with the open hand to make as much noise as possible, which is often done to impress the onlookers; the horse's neck should be caressed fondly and delicately.’
It's not true that girls dress up to impress men, or ‘catch’ a boyfriend, because I think girls know that the people who will most appreciate their particular look or style, or the fabric or colour in their outfit, will be their friends.
Maybe boys think that we dress up to impress them, but they will only say something looks nice if it looks obviously sexy; other than that, they're hopeless.
This is merely routine arrogance, but it obscures from them the fact that they could impress everyone a lot more if they could do a better job — and with a bit of help they could.
Most students liked to talk a lot because they thought it would impress the professors.
I know that, like a lot of ordinary concert-goers and record collectors, you are not very much impressed by the slimmed-down sound of the present generation of period-instrument performers; but your performances of the B minor Mass in the 1930s and '40s were regarded as being almost revolutionary, with very buoyant rhythms and slimmed-down textures.
He has always impressed me as a man of great good humour, and with a wonderful fund of stories.
I remember Shostakovich was so nervous but at the same time so impressed.
There she quickly settled into school life and although she claims to have been ‘very shy’ made lots of friends and impressed the staff with her helpfulness and charm.
David and his pals spent long summer days at the local swimming pool and they were out to impress the girls.
But there were also those who were neither ambivalent nor hostile, but impressed — normally to their surprise — by what they saw.
The courtyard design of Linlithgow was completed under his inspiration; it was this architectural gem of a palace which so impressed Mary of Guise, whose admiration was by no means merely wifely tact.
They were not, however, impressed by what they found to be the ‘superfluous materialism’ of the Federal Republic which they said was ‘rather stupid’.
‘I've tried to impress on people -I go round the schools and catch them young — that if they don't leave us their stuff, uncaring descendants may simply throw out a tool, plate, picture or letter, preferring to have a stainless-steel fork, a plastic plate, a multiple…’
The soundlessness of nature impressed and solaced her.
Elisabeth listened to this exchange with interest, impressed by the Colonel's consideration and his wife's capacity, despite her silliness, to make a fine distinction.
‘The front door!’ said Rose, mightily impressed, as they stood at the top of a flight of wide stone steps, flanked by funerary urns, which led down to the drive.
I'd heard that American Music Club were something wonderful, but when I saw them at the Grand in Clapham recently, I wasn't that impressed.
WITH Andy Gregory, the Wigan scrum-half, confirming yesterday he would be in contention for Great Britain's summer tour squad to be announced on Monday, the fringe contenders have their last chance to impress over the weekend.
The two coxes are well above average, Probert having considerable Tideway experience, while Elizabeth Chick, the third woman to steer for Oxford, has also impressed in practice.
Some big firms have cut the pay of senior executives in a move to impress on humbler employees that times are tough.
But Wanless has impressed his non-executives.
Rolled passes do not impress the purists, or stop the opposition, but Gloucester were slow to see the threat of Swift coming across field and when Guscott took Barnes' pass, Swift appeared outside him with the powerful Fallon overlapping on his left.
Most of the streamlined, designed-to-appeal policies which appear to have impressed voters have emerged from a Review Group headed by Tom Sawyer, chairman of the Labour Party and deputy general secretary of the National Union of Public Employees.
The man who so impressed Jack Nicklaus in last year's Open struck a four iron to eight feet for a two at the next and added three more birdies.
Scott Quinnell, 19, was the game's outstanding forward, and a 50-yard run down the touchline with the ball in one hand and handing off tacklers with the other would have impressed Alan Davies, the Wales coach, who was watching from the stands.
The attempted sale has not impressed residents, the Open Spaces Society, Hampshire County Council or Basingstoke and Deane District Council.
Support will come from another useful acquisition in Joey Benjamin, 31, who was kept out of the Warwickshire side last year after impressing in 1990 with 34 wickets at 30.
Impressed by Sheehy's ‘very forceful personality,’ Cluff's attraction to the BAT boss was enhanced by his links with the Dark Continent.
After another spell at the Treasury he returned to Downing Street in 1982, spending three years as Mrs Thatcher's Principal Private Secretary, where his ‘Rolls-Royce mind’ impressed many.
Speedway: Dugard is aiming to impress
Apparently in an effort to impress his beloved, Van Gogh made a tiny drawing of the house, 87 Hackford Street, Brixton, which still survives.
He knows the place well — it was part of his Foreign Office brief three years ago — and he impressed people there with his sympathetic views.
Although Saddlers' Hall, runner-up to Toulon in last year's St Leger, did not defeat strong opposition, it was more the way in which he achieved this victory that impressed and he is certain to be a force later in the season.
Hirst, after 55 minutes, and Worthington, after 87, struck the decisive goals, but it was the all-round display — and Coton's goalkeeping for City — which must have impressed the watching England manager Graham Taylor.
He so impressed the permanent secretary, Sir Donald Maitland, that he was invited to the key civil servants' committees.
He scored his first senior hat-trick and stole the thunder of Ian Wright, who was anxious — too anxious, said Mr Graham — to impress against his former team-mates.
It impressed her illustrious opponent, who said: ‘Cassie is a very fine player.
If he impresses, there is no doubt he will become clear favourite.
He faces seven rivals, including Kentucky Derby contender Dr Devious, who impressed Cash Asmussen in a gallop at Newbury on Saturday.
Eight detained in hospital after ‘appalling carnage’ The bravery of two young girls hurt in the explosion has impressed their nurses, writes Alastair McCall
I'm shaken, but deeply impressed, and — now that the shock has worn off — delighted.
ANDY SINTON, the Queens Park Rangers winger, will be one of several young hopefuls keen to impress England manager Graham Taylor before the end of the season.
While Nielsen's decision to miss England's bronze-medal victory over the CIS on Tuesday did little to impress his team-mates, the Surrey player reaped the benefits with two straight-games wins.
In a misguided attempt to impress the veteran American producer, I brought up the name of Jaume Sisa: a songwriter I once met by chance in a bar in Barcelona, and a man whose work is considered obscure even in Catalonia.
The dignified way he handled the tragedy of his father being gunned down in Bangkok impressed everyone and, although he went 7–0 down to White in the British Open final, he still had the bottle to capture seven frames before losing 10–7.
SHOULD the personable Steve Norris fail to impress as an under-secretary at the Transport Department, it should not be for want of preparation.
SHOULD the personable Steve Norris fail to impress as an under-secretary at the Transport Department, it should not be for want of preparation.
The man chosen was Russell Butler, a research student in social history at the University of London, who as a part-time tutor had taken the first course for apprentices at Marconi and had greatly impressed both here and in other courses for the branches in Hemel Hempstead and St. Albans.
It's easy for us to be friendly and kind to people that we think highly of or that we want to impress.
Further back, Judi had envied Anne her college boyfriend, had always tried to impress and amuse the older girl, had briefly tried to copy her clothes and food preferences, had longed to be asked to share her toys so that she could express her devotion through generosity.
The productivity of the area impressed Pehr Kalm on his visit later in the century.
The Professor appeared impressed and asked Linnaeus to remain at Oxford and share his stipend.
The white pine,Pinus strobus , also from America and known in this country as the Weymouth Pine, impressed Miller both for its beauty and utility.
Henry VIII impressed the Continent, in the midsummer of 1520, at the ‘Field of the Cloth of Gold’ held a few miles south of Calais, and which lasted four weeks with jousts, summit talks, banquets and entertainment.
John Allen, a man experienced in straight theatre, children's theatre and radio, who, although deeply impressed by the high quality of movement teaching both in the regular D.E.S.
He remembers vividly being impressed by their depth, the holes being close-boarded and strutted, the construction taking several weeks to complete.
The parable is as follows: In an occupied country during wartime, a member of the resistance meets a stranger who deeply impresses him, and who assures him that he is on the side of the resistance.
What the men did next is also not disclosed but clearly something impressed the ladies again because before the year was out they spontaneously and bountifully agreed to ‘always let the men through directly they are in any way pressed’, a decision now overtaken by the bye-laws.
The Russians played along with this charade and gave Blake similar information with which to impress his superiors so that the arrangement appeared to be working in favour of MI6.
Brackley itself produced rather few people who impressed themselves on the historical record.
The poems which impressed the gentleman could only have been produced by a poet with rings around her eyes.
And these — garments — are the sort to impress?’
The aim was to put them on the spot — or at least to impress the Inspector with your knowledge and concern.
Not at all impressed.
With hindsight, Beatrice's    remark that she was not at all impressed and didn't know who he was seems significant.
He waited in growing irritation while a woman minutely described her missing cat, and impressed on the desk-sergeant that it would only answer to the name Roger.
There is nothing left either in womanpower or funds to devote to blowing our own trumpet, so we have been unable to impress you with the extent and importance of our work.
Too much sunlight might impress upon me the idea of how much more agreeable it would be out of doors rather than hunched over a sheet of almost blank paper.
Although the banquet and establishment of courtiers and servants was as splendid as possible, there was a feeling in the air which impressed me with the idea that the whole pageant might be ephemeral.
He indicated to Haussmann that the form of the railway station, a huge open space covered by glass, had impressed him as a possible model and as a result of the Emperor's predilections, and Baltard's skill, the great new market of Les Halles was built in a light, airy combination of iron, stone and glass.
It was these brilliant architectural triumphs which so much impressed foreign visitors, many of whom had a professional interest and who came to learn as well as admire.
Another completely unknown actor, also thirty but looking much younger, named Dustin Hoffman, impressed director Mike Nichols so much in his off-Broadway plays that he was running favourite, despite his lack of experience.
Nor did it impress the Arab states, which pointed out that if Israel was able to absorb hundreds of thousands of Jews it could certainly absorb more than 100,000 Palestinian returnees; or the United States, which did not think the Israeli offer ‘provide[d] a suitable basis for contributing to solution of Arab refugee question.’
The glittering figure who impressed us so much is no more.
He's brittle, he's dry, why were we so impressed anyway?’
The emergence in the 1930s of such writers, in touch with and impressed by the modernists, suggests that any lapse in the experimental tradition at the time was not a complete one.
Victoria was a graceful partner for Prince Richard, now a small, slender and self-conscious boy, but he forgot the sequence of steps to the eightsome reel and did not impress her.
Very few boys impressed Victoria; they all seemed inadequate beside her brother.
The director, even more impressed with the tall, meaty young man with a flashing smile and an indefinable and absolutely spurious air of distinction, gave him walk-on parts.
He hesitated, impressed by her defiance as she had hoped.
And her love would impress them…
He was determined to let the clan see they'd made no mistake in choosing him, and was off on a round of visits to all the main families, to impress them with his strength and intelligence, good sense and good humour.
Actually, I am not sure that I was there on that night of his arrival, and I don't claim to remember all the details or to have been as impressed by his appearance, framed in the doorway, as some people I drink with do; I think they just want to talk about their witnessing his first appearance that way — as if he was an angel or something extraordinary — because of what went on to happen later.
The fourth book had, as I said, impressed Boy with its famous scene of the unwritten letter, which he thought must relate in some way to his own collection of letters.
We were, let me tell you, impressed.
Of course, Miss Kenton cannot hope by returning at this stage ever to retrieve those lost years, and it will be my first duty to impress this upon her when we meet.
I thus set about preparing for the days ahead as, I imagine, a general might prepare for a battle: I devised with utmost care a special staff plan anticipating all sorts of eventualities; I analysed where our weakest points lay and set about making contingency plans to fall back upon in the event of these points giving way; I even gave the staff a military-style ‘pep-talk’, impressing upon them that, for all their having to work at an exhausting rate, they could feel great pride in discharging their duties over the days that lay ahead.
But how impressed, you may be asking.’
Captain Frederick Roy-Smith was serving in Germany in the Royal Army Veterinary Corps and had seen Rottweilers who had impressed him greatly, especially with their working ability.
Lewes had spent only a short time with the unit, but had impressed everyone with his absolute dedication to his work.
Having enjoyed ourselves so much and being impressed by the professionalism shown by our instructor and other divers at the centre, we decided to pursue our new hobby when we returned home.
An easy way to impress novices is by quoting the latin names of various sea creatures.
Incidentally, why does this impress us so?
Impressed as we may be by the caddis house, we are nevertheless, paradoxically, less impressed than we would be by equivalent achievements in animals closer to ourselves.
It was ‘Suffer Little Children’ which impressed the most.
A meeting was arranged and Rourke, impressed by the tape, threw all his enthusiasm into the audition.
You may be surprised how impressed some buyers and their surveyors will be with a good clean manhole!
But most important of all, as Edmund Blunden observed, ‘The training he had undergone meant an additional quickness and rightness in his observation as a general habit, which was so valuable a resource in his novels and his other writings; the singularities and visible strange histories of ancient buildings impressed on him, still young, the analogous unexpectedness and incongruity of the fabric of human affairs.’
As we approached the loch, in order to impress Blair with my vast knowledge, I repeated Stan's tale about Pennel Point, being careful not to mention who had given me such valuable information.
The Russian ballet was Pliaska , a ballet to music by Liadov about the romps and romance in a Russian village; the gaiety of his dancing that impressed one local critic, Dennis Hatfield.
He also had a real enjoyment of brief, casual relationships, sexual or otherwise; one of his gay friends remarked to me that even with a passing infatuation, a pick-up, John never tried to impress people with who he was, never used the glamour of his position to dazzle them, but was interested most in finding out who they were, what kind of person.
I went straight out and broke a window, I was that impressed…’
Although it impressed both Cicero (106–43 BC) and Virgil (70–19 BC;), the Epicureanism on which it was based made little impression on the Romans, except for its hedonistic aspect.
The best way to impress politicians is to mobilize public opinion.
I impressed upon the doctor to really talk with Ron, and he said he had, but that Ron didn't seem to hear what he was saying, how ill he really was; and when we hung up, I was really quite shaken.
It was not only the size of the church that had impressed him but the decoration, the overwhelming, almost suffocating richness of the baroque interior.
The shape seemed impressed.
She was, she told everyone, particularly impressed with Henry's speech.
I asked, expecting an Arabic name with which to impress my friends.
Nutty raised her eyebrows, impressed.
The professional look impressed her, and she decided immediately to get her own team similarly kitted out.
Seb groaned, but — with the impressive upper-class confidence in his own innate superiority which always impressed Nutty enormously — waded into the melee and started to beat off the boys who were dragging Jazz down the road by his hair.
Charles looked at Reginald: ‘Nearly so,’ he said; ‘he smelt strongly of it and his tongue was very loose, trying to impress.’
Of course, at the time I know I said it was all put on just to impress him, because she was no more for doing good works than I was.
They have made their case for the ordination of women with obvious conviction, backed up with arguable facts (in my opinion)— but the whole argument is delivered in a studiously temperate and fair way that will impress even those who disagree with it.
But her clothes, make-up and hairstyle were not designed to please, but to impress.
He was getting old now and didn't bother overmuch about impressing people.
He was waiting to impress his Maker, and he would have the chance before long.
Meetings can build your image, perhaps by impressing your boss or subordinates.
Your determination to ‘get it right’ will impress far more than a false sense of confidence or a reluctance to admit you could do with assistance.
Exercise for yourself rather than to impress or conform with anyone else.
The person with a healthy Inner Face is the one who is most able to form good relationships with others; he does not feel that he has to put on an act to impress yet neither does he feel superior to those with whom he comes in contact.
Putting names to faces : You may wish to be able to look at someone and think instantly of his name because it makes social life so much easier; or you may wish to improve your chances of impressing a business acquaintance (and possibly making a deal as a result).
Even though Owen was intelligent (he could impress his teachers on occasions), he was generally regarded as a ‘problem child’ with special needs.
Trusty was very serious, which impressed the Brownies very much, for Miss Truscott, or ‘Trusty’, as she was called by the Pack, was a young Guider and usually very gay and jolly.
Nor was he much impressed at the Liskeard inns of the times, or at least one: ‘…a tavern of despair frowned amid congenial desolation’.
Jones, a Welsh international who impressed the Arsenal manager with his fighting qualities and intelligent play, was to be the ‘flying-column’ on the left-wing, matching Hulme on the right.
According to Bob Wall: ‘What impressed Chapman even more than the sureness of his hands was Frank's physical courage.
The long lists of ‘doubles’(usually carp) that some anglers publish each season do not impress me at all.
The River Otter, Coleridge's ‘dear native brook’, borders the town to the west, and makes its leisurely way through a landscape which to eighteenth-century inhabitants seemed ‘the richest finest Country in the world’, and which even now preserves the striking beauty which so impressed itself on Coleridge's young mind.
Coleridge's improbably romantic explanation and evident intelligence so impressed the man that he gave the remarkable child a subscription to the circulating library in Cheapside, where he began, according to his own not unlikely account, to read every book it contained.
Here it would be useful to impress upon the new councillor the relationship  between the official and the council.
It was impossible not to be slightly surprised and impressed.
one of the two flashy men-about-town, professing intimate acquaintance with all sorts of illustrious personages (‘even the Blood Royal ran in the muddy channel of their personal recollections’), whom Tigg introduces to Jonas Chuzzlewit to impress the latter with the power and glory of the fraudulent insurance company he is seeking to involve Jonas in.
In the near half-century since that Windrush summer I have heard the work performed by many artists, but never to impress as much as in that lovely seascape setting many years ago.
I was more than mildly impressed with Miss Semmens and decided I would certainly have to see her again — and soon.
After visiting Bruce Hutchison, the next stop would be at the home of Mrs Nellie McClung whose books ‘Clearing in the West’ and ‘The Stream Runs Fast’had impressed me as a youth.
So impressed was I that I took Hellen to meet her at a later performance the same week.
The surrounding countryside impressed by its look of prosperity and the sense of a thriving people.
It was such sayings as these that inspired the dervishes some of whom were in the armies of the Khalif and impressed the British soldiers as no other warriors ever did.
It was the Ipswich set-up under the management of Bobby Robson which most impressed him and the East Anglia team offered the teenager £4,000 to sign.
But over the years, his sales techniques have irritated as much as they have impressed, and he has been periodically banned from Celtic Park, Tynecastle and Fir Park.
Loyalty, service, and duty were exactly the values which the ‘boy labour’ reformers sought to impress upon young workers, and as many of the reformers were also active, or had been active in one or more of  the youth groups, they were sympathetic to the objectives of the Scout movement.
John MacCunn, Professor of Philosophy at Liverpool University and author of several standard texts on citizenship and character, was keen to impress upon his readers that rights alone did not make the citizen; what mattered was the way in which they were used: democracy itself was only a beginning, not an end.
This theme is one which forcefully impressed itself upon Edwardian social politics, and thereafter.
Despite the lodging-house furniture, the room bore hallmarks of long individual occupation, Aranyos having impressed it with his stamp in the form of various ornaments, mostly of a military flavour.
Why bother learning a language to impress visitors, when you hadn't even troubled to learn that of the place where you lived?
‘Really?’ said Karelius, looking impressed.
His brother officers were silly, shallow men, more interested in impressing ladies with the cut of their uniform, and trifling intellectual pretensions, than in the real business of a soldier.
Met him — quite impressed.’
After all, look at those whom you have tried to impress, were they worthy of all your efforts?
The less you have of it as, for example, in a short face-to-face contact, the more difficult it is to impress and/or influence.
As Palace impressed in Division One in 1990–91, Mark's prowess gained further recognition when he scored The Eagles' decisive goal against Liverpool in the televised Football League match on 30 December, but Palace fans had by then long since ceased to need any persuading that this intelligent and hard-working centre-forward is among the best in the country.
Harry Collyer was a local boy from nearby Bromley, who joined us in September 1906 for what was only our second season, after impressing in a pre-season trial game.
John Pemberton was Palace's genial and gutsy full-back throughout our promotion drive to Division one in 1988–89 and then in The Eagles' progress to the FA Cup Final and Replay of' 1990 Indeed, his surging run in the semi-final against Liverpool at Villa Park, which took him past several defender s, before he delivered the cross from which Mark Bright put the Palace on terms and on the way to our stunning victory, will probably remain for ever in the memories of those who saw it, even though he impressed enormously in the two Cup Finals against Manchester United's sophisticated and costly imports.
Vic goes down in football's annals as the first international player to be chosen from the ranks of the 4th Division (for Wales against Northern Ireland in Belfast on 22 April 1959), but Palace fans should know that this was no freak selection, for Vic had impressed many with his splendid performances and was in a run of 143 consecutive League games with just a single absence for us.
Having done so, he won the Barclays Young Eagle of the Month award for our region twice in four months, having impressed no less a seasoned observer than the great Bill Nicholson of Tottenham and England.
Injuries reduced his availability in 1988–89 but he captained The Eagles through the following season upon the club's return to Division One, while also scoring vital goals against Portsmouth and at Cambridge in our tremendous run to the 1990 FA Cup Final, where his performances impressed observers.
Villa owners impressed their neighbours by having the largest and best bath houses they could afford.
By imparting his enthusiasm to his pupils, impressing them most earnestly with the importance of their calling, he sent them out into the world with a store of self-respect which greatly contributed to uphold  their position, and gave them an impetus to endeavour to raise its standard, which was often crowned with the most happy success’.
I was a fool but nobody impressed on me the need to save.
Deeply in love with Francis Mangon, she was anxious to impress him professionally.
Who was he trying to impress?
Much impressed with my narrow escape, Dad carried the object downstairs on top of the sand in the fire bucket — it did come in handy after all — and we sat around gazing at it, drinking the inevitable tea and storing up this tale to pass on to all our friends and relations.
He told us some harrowing stories of life on a bomber aerodrome which had ‘main force’ squadrons, always carrying heavy loads of high explosives and incendiaries, and impressed on us how lucky we were to be on a Pathfinder station.
She must have  impressed Green for he gave eye-witness accounts of the so-called Sally of Buttermere and his various meetings with her in 1791 when she was but 14, again in 1792,1794, and in 1798 when he felt an irresistible wish to revisit Buttermere.
‘All nature seems to be in an uproar, which impressed on the awakened imagination, the most lively ideas of the ‘war of elements’ and ‘The crush of worlds’’.
When he completed his circumnavigation of the world, his contemporaries were just as impressed by the fact that he achieved this feat without losing a single member of his crew to scurvy.
Impressed with the Buckau's success, the German Admiralty commissioned the Weser Shipyards in Bremen to build a new, larger rotor ship on a proven full design.
MAKING an obscure joke that failed to impress anyone the other week (it was about warts and the treatment of them) I did, at least encourage one reader in Israel to send me a palindrome about them.
At the presentation, Sir Humphry did not pass up the chance to impress upon the business world the great value of science to their endeavours: ‘Science, gentlemen, is of infinitely more importance to a state than may at first sight appear possible; for no source of wealth and power can be entirely independent of it; and no class of men are so well able to appreciate its advantages as that to which I am addressing myself.
The advantages of being conspicuous, and thus rapidly impressing predators with one's distastefulness, outweigh the risk of being eaten before the message is conveyed.
True, there were packets of walnut bits too, but they failed to impress themselves on me.
‘Are you impressed with our modern civilization, with all the technical progress?’
IMPRESSED just this side of awe as I am by the Department of Transport and its fearless tackling of such problems as juggernaut lorries and EEC regulations, I must nevertheless confess some disquiet about a recent plan.
He took his account of the little balance as well as some research on centres of gravity and travelled to Rome to impress a couple of eminent intellectuals, and he succeeded, being appointed professor of mathematics at Pisa when he was 25, though he had never had a university degree.
You need to impress on him that it will only work if it is done properly — that there must be absolutely no cheating.
A ‘church’ in this context really means an organisation which has acquired, in addition to the trappings of ritual and mysticism with which it seeks to impress its followers, all the nature of a corporate business with all the appurtenances, paid staff, premises and property which is appropriate to a public company.
The amusing story spread like wild-fire through the district and tradition maintains that it impressed the fertile imagination of the young Robert Burns, who was nine years old at the time, and that he recalled the incident many years later when he was creating his masterpiece, the poem Tam O' Shanter , which is set in the ruined kirk.
This story did not impress the court who took the view that she had used a knife to cut off the head soon after its birth, and eventually she had to admit the truth.
One day, to escape heavy rain he wandered into a tavern called the ‘Spotted Dog’ which was kept by Joe Parrish, a veteran fighter, who became impressed with the young lad — then aged 16 — and began to teach him the science of the ring.
Born near Doncaster, Edward Kirk lost his hearing through a severe illness when aged 2, and was sent to be educated at the Yorkshire Institution for the Deaf and Dumb where his abilities so impressed the headmaster, the great Charles  Baker, that he was kept on first as a classroom assistant, thence from 1871 as a teacher.
Impressed by what he saw, he resolved to do the same for Liverpool.
Impressed by the Boy Scouts he had encountered, Mr. Shaw resolved to start a troop at his school, and when the pupils returned to school after the summer holidays in August 1910, the Royal Cross School Troop was formed, followed shortly afterwards by the Royal Cross School Guides Troop.
Fraud investigators say he posted hundreds of fake job applications last year, a few in Russian, a few in Turkish — anything to impress the big oil companies, some of which flew him to Riyadh and Aberdeen for interviews.
That, however, did not impress Judge Gabriel Hutton, who, at the end of the 45-minute hearing, sentenced Wright to three years in jail.
I write as someone who's always been able to take or leave Harrison Birtwistle's music: the oeuvre as a whole arouses my respect, and impresses by its fiercely-defined character and self-consistency, but only a limited number of pieces (among them The Triumph of Time, The fields of Sorrow, Melancolia I, Carmen Arcadiae Mechanicae Perpetuum ) have spoken to me strongly and cried out for repeated listening.
There is clearly no sense in setting an impossibly short timetable  in order to impress the client.
If one suspends judgement and looks at a cross-section of these novels, one comes away quite impressed.
And there are readers who have been deeply moved and impressed in the ways that we have described by books that cannot be described as the best of anything.
My pair were purple and black, so that when it rained they dyed my socks, which did not impress my mother at all.
Nor were they impressed by arguments about services, conservation or ‘community development’.
Impressed by their officials' strictures about the need for obeying government rules and directives as a means of maintaining some notion of good local government and the good opinion of Central Government, with a sense of loyalty and dependency towards their officials, and a feeling  that their own integrity was at stake, they maintained the policy.
Dennis apparently saw me as ‘family’, or at any rate as someone he didn't have to impress.
I made no attempt to impress or ingratiate.
Karen wasn't trying to impress anyone, so we ate promptly and quite well.
‘It's beautiful!’ she gasped, much impressed.
Paula repeated, impressed.
Lipski was both shocked and impressed by the offer.
However, the Countryside Commission, the Government's advisory body, is making strenuous efforts to impress upon everyone the need for sensitivity when dealing with development.
Apparently this one and only brush with city life impressed him not at all.
Durham are missing a chance to impress in an area where cricket remains primitive.
And he rarely complained during his recuperation from the first back operation, to repair a number of fractures, which looked like being successful when he returned for Middlesex at the start of 1991 and took four for 60 against Somerset with a performance which particularly impressed his own wicket-keeper Paul Farbrace.
Ellcock looked like a thoroughbred in 1989, his first season for Middlesex, and impressed enough to earn that surprise England call-up.
Gresham's School, Holt have made their contribution of players over the years and they are the current holders of the Henry Griserson trophy for the side which most impressed the XL Club by its performance on and off the field in 1991.
They may be intent on impressing each other or the chairman or involved in little power games to prove who is the real leader of the group.
Tory win fails to impress advertisers
As with Creature Comforts, Lowe Howard-Spink's work for Tesco, which won the campaign of the year in services, was deemed by some to be beyond its first flush of freshness, but its impact on consumer perceptions continues to impress.
However, the grandeur of the occasion impressed me and, as I was smaller than I am now, the boat seemed quite large.
Radical dudes impress those bodacious babes by catching waves at Harvey Nicks and riding their planks all the way down to where Emporio Armani used to be.
Everyone watched me, pleased that I seemed impressed.
Whether you are starting a new business, raising finance, or simply planning for profit and expansion,MBA Easiplan will help you create a well structured Business Plan, guaranteed to impress Bankers, Investors or business colleagues.
‘Your swearing doesn't impress me one bit,’ she said, turning her head aside to avoid a kiss.
Neither impressed her.
‘Apparently we have someone to impress.’
It impressed the passengers most satisfactorily.
I didn't to his eyes appear sufficiently impressed.
The owner of Redi-Hot, who seemed to spend most of his time reading a guide book, told Mr and Mrs Wordmaster, who looked suitably impressed, that Thunder Bay, one of Canada's largest ports, was at the far west end of the St Lawrence-Great Lakes seaway and should really be called what the locals called it, The Lakehead.
Impressed?
So, what better way to impress your guests than for them to receive a beautifully crafted and colour themed wedding invitation designed exclusively for Wedding and Home readers.
When he's trying to impress you or your family, he may do all sorts of things he wouldn't dream of doing after the wedding.
Tangy and crisp with a fruity flavour we quite liked this one, although we were less than impressed with the look of the bottle.
The ancient Greek concept of diet had impressed us both.
The panel were both surprised and impressed with the range, quality and value for money of the sample selection that we tasted.
The idea was to impress into the memory of the young people the exact location of the boundary.
In some places the young people had the boundaries impressed upon their person as well as their memories, by being physically bumped against the ground or bent over stones and beaten.
Either Sir Charles had forgotten what Jed did, or else nobody had bothered to tell him, because he now leaned forwards and, impressed, it seemed, by Jed's ingenuity and verve, said, ‘Perhaps, young man, you should come and work for me.’
He wanted Creed to be amused, impressed even.
Helen, 45, impressed audiences with her roles in The Cook, The Thief, His Wife and Her Lover, Cal and The Long Good Friday .
This sudden fame impressed and disturbed the whole school, including the teachers, who called Charlie ‘Girlie’.
The key to impressing Mum and Auntie Jean, and the best way to keep their tongues off the risible subject of my loin-cloth, which inevitably had them quaking with laughter, was to introduce them to the actors afterwards, telling them which sit-coms and police programmes they'd seen them in.
But with Pyke to impress in the audience we had good reason to spring energetically over the scaffolding.
Not to gain extra marks in the test and certainly not to impress your friends!
They are often not very confident (however they may appear) and always want to impress their friends by their unpleasant exploits, so that they feel wanted and accepted by the in-crowd — just like Herod.
‘Dearest Belinda’ er…, no, I know, Belinda's  into poetry; it'd really impress her if I made my note into a poem!
Now, aren't you impressed?’
Nothing had been done to prettify the site as at Sizewell, on the Suffolk coast, or to produce the pleasantly laid-out grounds of smooth lawn, flowering trees and shrubs which so agreeably impressed him on his periodic visits to Winfrith in Dorset.
He gazed round the sitting room at the long wall of books, the crackling wood fire, the oil of the Victorian prelate above the mantelshelf as if deliberately impressing each item on his mind, then sank into his chair and stretched out his long legs with a small grunt of satisfaction.
We thoroughly enjoy Dogs Today and try to pass on all the right things to do to our present scallywag, Monty, but he's not impressed.
Dogs Today's most talented dog star, Emma, impressed the crowd with her routine of tricks, and as for the singing dogs — read about that elsewhere!
In the meantime, until this can be achieved, if you are worried that your parent is not receiving proper medical attention you should start to make a polite nuisance of yourself by frequent visits to the surgery to impress upon the doctor the fact that you consider there is real cause for concern about the state of her health and ask if he could arrange for a ‘second opinion’.
Cameron, impressed but evidently rather baffled, minuted that he approved of the proposals and found them ‘entirely in accord with what we wanted and what I thought was being practised’.
Uninterested in material things, and conspicuously more at home in jungles than in drawing rooms, he possessed a sweet distinction of bearing which impressed itself on all who met him.
Lugard, in his Political Memoranda , employed the words of Henry Lawrence to impress upon his officers the importance of constant travel among the people, and like him selected his administrators from among the military, believing that their training had taught them, as no other could, the proper exercise of responsibility.
For most sources the capacitor could probably be removed as any reasonable signal will not have any d.c. impressed upon it.
It is a large church for what has always been a small village — perhaps the work of some medieval lord of the manor intent on impressing the neighbouring gentry.
However, during all those years of ‘cut your carbohydrates’ advice, which impressed itself so much on the British public that many people are still overwhelmed with guilt at the sight of a slice of bread or a potato, all high-carbohydrate foods were grouped together as culprits in causing this rebound hunger which led to excessive eating.
Impressed?
On the day that his master and mistress were due back from London, he was determined to have as much as possible completed, in order to impress Stephen with the amount done during his absence.
A cold ball will also have a harder feel at impact and will fly lower because of the relative inability of the clubface to impress it.
But while Hogan and Snead impressed, I was even more impressed with the international atmosphere.
How often have you been lost for words when engaged in the ‘what sort of strings do you use’ type of conversation with a newly acquired guitar playing chum you're eager to impress?
But it wasn't just Tyson's playing credentials and Satriani's say so that impressed original members Dan Arlie and Eric Valentine.
Having impressed the bass world with their Buzz basses in particular, Pedulla have introduced a new range, the Thunderbass T-series.
Touched and impressed, I was!
And, believe us, before three cups of tea on a Monday morning, we are not very easily impressed.
So what impressed us so much?
‘I can remember Brian May once saying something that really impressed me, because it explained something in a good way.
Korg's A2 Performance Signal Processor has impressed everyone here, and I'd be surprised if it's not destined to be the one that others are judged by.
Overlooking details like the visual incongruity of the rectangular '50s radio-set control panel set into the smooth, undulating curves of the Golden, and indeed the general decorative overkill, this is a lovely guitar, with an uncanny ability to impress and delight.
He could walk out and just be so good and that is probably the thing that most impressed me about him.
I thought he was the highlight of that particular event and Jan has also impressed a certain Mr Satriani, who sang his praises in a Guitarist interview recently.
What really impresses me about players is having a unique sound, whether it's fast or slow.
I mean, would you think you were impressing anyone by telling them you play an ST-02-3X?
She seemed most impressed, and said that I should meet her boyfriend who was looking for a bass player, and so I joined his jazz-rock band back in 1973 and we did some touring in Britain.
The majority of Danes asking ‘Geoff Who?’ were soon enlightened and by the end of the evening there was hum of comment about this tasteful guitarist with a tone that would impress Peter Green himself!
People talk for all sorts of reasons — to express emotions, to ‘let off steam’, to impress other people, to be the life and soul of the party to instruct and inform.
Wanting to impress her, Dustin bought a suit for their first date and, on the second date, they went to the beach.
Second, there is personal experience of homoeopathy through having been treated by a homoeopathic doctor, or through having had a member of the family so treated, and being impressed by the results.
As applied to water, they are visualized as being particular polywater formations which have the power to impress their pattern on the surrounding water polymers.
The presence, in a volume of water, of even one such cellular automaton would be enough to impress the pattern on the whole of that body of water.
‘We did our house for ourselves, not to impress others,’ says Bill.
Julie London shows you how to dress your table to impress
It is always wise to look towards those who inspire and impress you.
Johnny Macklow?’ said Daisy, impressed.
You've seen some kites, they've impressed you and now you want one for yourself.
T.V., alas, no more impressed.
I only did it to impress that lot.
Being honest about our motivation is crucial since, at this stage, we might discover that it is not our own Dream at all, or that our motivation is somewhat dubious: ‘It will impress my friends’, ‘It will be one in the eye for my parents’, ‘It will ease my sense of guilt’, ‘It will make me feel more secure’, ‘It will give me power over other people’, ‘It will make me feel special’, ‘It's what my partner keeps suggesting I do’, ‘It's the opposite of what my partner suggests I do.’
He would drive round his home village for a couple of weeks, impress his family and friends with the car, cigars and drinks and pick his future wife.
He tried not to look impressed as he slid gingerly across the cream leather of the  front seat.
Kenneth impressed them where I had failed, and our room was upgraded to a suite as soon as he laid the lardy accent on them.
The ‘Birds were due to play, but thanks to ‘the wrong kind of snow’ or something erm, didn't), a tired and emotional GRAHAM from BLUR, JUSTIN from SPITFIRE and BOBBY GILLESPIE, who, frankly, impressed no-one when he turned up surrounded by a bevy of rock lovelies, swanned through onto the T&C balcony, watched Nick C for a full 12 seconds and then swanned back out again.
‘It's a long way from the back streets of Brixton to the green fields of Huntingdon,’ he impressed on the county set.
But he had always failed to impress the grown-ups in Never Never Land: the ones who handed out the end-of-term prizes, and the folk who decided which movies were important and meaningful , as opposed to escapist fun for all the family.
Steven decided that if he couldn't come up with a definitive artistic statement to impress the grown-ups, then at least he could impress them with the definitive bank statement.
Yet in the middle years of the Thatcher government, I recall Sir Geoffrey Howe telling me how impressed he was by the number of letters he was receiving, especially from young people, about the crisis in the third world.
What emerges in Howard Davies' production is a Shaw played for laughs, dressed to impress, and similarly short on ideas.
At the ceremony, held at the Grosvenor House Hotel in Park Lane on Tuesday, the judges said they were particulary impressed by the ‘clarity and passion’ of Saeeda's writing.
This is her idea for impressing on the audience how the powerless feel.
The Soldier in Book iv of The Prelude is an example of Wordsworth performing a Good Samaritan act; but what impressed Wordsworth and remains with us is the description of the Soldier's appearance:
Her house was full of bead curtains and reproduction furniture — a fact which impressed me so much I thought for a long time that Reproduction was a period like Jacobean and Elizabethan.
Ryle points out that in being impressed by the certainty of the seen and the known, one is assuming that seeing and knowing are analogous with looking and thinking, so that it becomes a problem how they escape the fallibility of these operations; he invites us to shift ‘see’ and ‘know’to the category of achievement verbs such as‘find’and ‘cure’, which are related to ‘seek ‘and ‘treat’as ‘see’and ‘know’to ‘look’and ‘think’, but do not tempt us to suppose that there are infallible methods of discovering lost articles or restoring to health.
Gimbert and Moscato failed to impress that afternoon.
But what impressed most viewers of the deliberations at Thomond Park was the crisp passing of the Garrowen backs when the opportunity arose for spreading the ball wide, something that doesn't often occur in local derbies at Thomond Park.
Grizz Wyllie — not impressed.
The assistant coach to Fitzgerald, Gerry Murphy, who impressed the players on the New Zealand tour, immediately travelled to Australia after the tour, crossing the Tasman Sea at the request of the IRFU to have a look at the coaching structures in Australia.
It will be noted they provided the bulk of the players for the Canadian side which so impressed against France and New Zealand in the World Cup .
Now she pleased Miss Beard by opening her eyes wide and looking suitably impressed.
In November 1642 Ford led a small force of hastily impressed locals on a rapid march to attack Lewes.
Until the formation of the highly disciplined Cromwellian New Model Army in 1645 both sides relied essentially on impressing unwilling locals as troops, usually the tenants and labourers of the participating gentry.
Swallow your principles and try to impress on a potential employer, especially if it is a small business, that you have arrangements for all eventualities, including if your child is sick.
If he needed external ratification his lifestyle would be more designed to impress.
Any observant traveller who moves from the snow-tipped Himalayas in the North to the sun-soaked sands of Cape Comorin at India's southern tip, will encounter — particularly in the rural areas and at sacred centres of pilgrimage wherever Siva, God of both Divine Wisdom and regeneration, is the presiding Deity — the serpent motif sculptured within shrines, impressed on myriads of stone implants in the ground and depicted in art.
Started in 1979 as an amateur effort to amuse and impress his friends, Viz's lavatorial schoolboy humour appealed to so many people that the Newcastle-based cult comic grew into Britain's third highest selling magazine.
The film also impressed James Lewis, 23, from Leatherhead, Surrey, who looks after the disabled.
Alternatives: Two other obscure reds that will impress your friends are Safeway's Romanian Special Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon (£2.69), or Waitrose's fabulous Chilean Vina Carmen Cabernet Sauvignon Gran Seleccion at £3.95.
Despite the super hero's millions of fans, including Macaulay Culkin and General Norman Schwarzkopf, Mario isn't that impressed by his namesake.
Britannia is used during the Queen's visits abroad in the hope that its 39-year-old Clyde-built quality will impress export customers.
He has impressed as stand-in for the injured Tommy Wright.
But he has impressed Clough and his coaching staff.
Injury has ruled out the current incumbent at No 10, Llanelli's Colin Stephens, leaving his two biggest rivals the chance to impress selectors.
Impressed
Ojomoh, a superbly gifted all-round athlete, soon impressed his games master and, at 13, was sneaked into the rugby XV.
Filan, who carries an Irish passport, has been working at Saints with former England goalkeeping coach Mike Kelly after failing to impress Lou Macari during a week's trial at Stoke.
That immediately poses the question of why the TCCB opted to concentrate on impressing the Test nations with large financial guarantees, instead of copying the logical example of the sub-Continent and targetting the associates?
It's an ominous warning which gives his players an extra incentive to impress against the Londoners tonight.
Hill knows the old and new Williams cars inside out and vastly impressed Prost not only for his technical expertise, but also his driving talent in testing at Estoril last week.
Brave Piper took the seventh round on my card, while drawing three others, and impressed English judge Mickey Vann to make him a round up going into the climatic 11th, which made a joke of Piper's manager Frank Warren having objected to Vann as a judge.
But Eubank had only harsh words for Piper saying: ‘The only thing that impressed me about him was that you could see he was thinking about what he was doing.
But George, calmly, will impress on him how he is part of a team and the profound effect his actions are having on the success of the club.
But George and Arsenal can impress upon Wright the harm he is doing his own career.
Hill, who impressed the team with his speed in a recent test session at Estoril, has agreed a one-year contract with a two-year option to partner Prost, who has won the world championship three times.
Pascoe will come into the first team reckoning this weekend if he impresses tonight in a reserve game.
Impressed ‘I was looking forward to a night out with the England Students squad on their training weekend at Bisham Abbey, but I won't say no to a bit of warm weather instead.’
O'Leary is in his first season at Saracens, and impressed England coach Dick Best when he scored on his debut for the London Divisional side against the Midlands earlier this month.
And so impressed was this man by the occasion that, having lived away from Curry Rivel for many years, he returned late in life to be re-married there — because of his cherished memories of the village in all its beauty on the day ‘Old Benny Titford’ was buried.
The only feature of the original 36–45 which impressed the Corporation, was the ‘Exhibition’ stairs with which they were equipped.
In his letter asking Theo to come he mentioned a novel of Dickens,Hard Times , as one which had particularly impressed him.
This of course impressed him.
Language teachers, impressed by the apparent authority of science, follow suit and try to teach by means of operant conditioning.
Arguments that the UK enforces the rules of fair trade too scrupulously compared with its trade rivals do not impress Mr Sainsbury.
In either case, an unauthorised practitioner will have committed a criminal offence under the Financial Services Act, and pleading that he did it only once or that it happened by accident is not going to impress anyone.
We shall be continuing to impress that simple message on the Government.
Given Peter Wood's background, it is scarcely surprising that Direct Line's computer systems impress.
The world's fourth-biggest chemical company, with its 15,000 products and 600 locations worldwide, has not impressed the stock market.
I think they were all impressed, although it may have been at the thought of Gran going camping!
17 YEAR OLD BOY —‘For me it's a relief to be able to come here and not have to drink to impress my friends’.
Joan Waters, too, was left in peace apart from the following two minor incidents which may have been attempts to impress upon her that she had not moved beyond the reach of the long arm of the undercover services.
This was the theory that it kept a Long Kesh compound filled with loyalists as a propaganda exercise to impress observers outside Ulster that it was acting impartially towards both the British loyalist and the Irish republican community.
Yours is one case I will always remember not for the large number of witnesses, but for the meeting of a man who right from the first impressed his lawyers with his innocence a conviction that grew and grew the more that one went into the case and met the many people who knew Andy Beattie so well.’
The concessions impressed the public, but were worthless without a new policy decision at the same political level as the original one to re-introduce interrogation-in-depth techniques.
One young man who impressed me immensely was from Scunthorpe.
They could not distinguish public splendour to dazzle and impress their people and foreigners alike (if that is the effect their trappings achieved) from the conveniences of private life.
In their efforts to impress the United States, the Romanians went so far as to compare their position vis-à-vis the Kremlin with Cuba's in relation to Washington.
A genuine working class origin must have impressed the former Viscount Stansgate.
The homage and cynical words of approval from foreign heads of state and politicians were ceaselessly recycled inside Romania to impress upon ordinary people how famous and how much admired their president had become.
Together with his court architect, Albert Speer, the Führer had devised ‘ruin-theory’ which demanded that the great Nazi buildings should be designed to impress the observer even as ruins after thousands of years.
His response is to impress upon them that the time is not now, that only God knows when it will be, and in the meantime they are to concentrate on the number-one task of world-wide witness for which the Holy Spirit would equip them (Acts 1:8).
‘Who are we trying to impress?’
Kit looked at the statue of the Infant of Prague that she kept in the house to impress the mothers of the students who boarded with her.
Then the scary concave wall and overhangs taken by Bow Wall can't fail to impress.
The white coated physio seems impressed.
This impressed me, for there is nothing more penetrating than snow and slush.
The next step — and this is the one the BMC wanted to impress most forcefully on our visitors — is to terrify yourself on some dripping mass of rock devoid of adequate protection.
In general, what lenders told us about their procedures for deciding for or against a loan (or other credit advance) impressed on us the care with which they try to avoid turning away potential sound customers, After all, making their own requirements too strict would limit their business too narrowly.
I had been allocated an efficient back-up team from the Civil Service: Jane Benham (promoted near the end and replaced by Martin Howarth), Michael Phipps and Jenny Bacon, all of whom impressed me with their loyalty to me and their diplomatic skills.
The complaint was a ritual, not to be taken seriously, a mere habitual statement made solely to impress on me how tough McIllvanney was.
GUYS — having trouble impressing the ladies?
And when you're trying to impress the opposite sex, a foot-long bundle of foliage might just not cut it.
That said, it's still the graphics that impress the most: the colours are deeper and sharper than before, the action faster.
The water is freezing and there are no bikini-clad girls ti impress, but winter in Cornwall sees the surfing hardcore come into its own.
Its show combined adventure, innovation and fun with the important wearability factor, and only the blinkered did not leave impressed.
If Niki had sought to impress Prost with a victory at the very start of the season, the ploy didn't work: an improperly soldered battery cable put him out of action and it was Prost who impressed.
He began to see the grounds as a possession , the gardens as something to impress others, the orchard and walled fruit-garden as places that would produce delicious food.
He had been better able to tolerate it ten years ago, but then he had drunk  alcohol to be like other people and to impress, not because he liked it.
So next day I duly went to the synagogue, rather self-conscious in my trilby hat, surprised to find women sitting in the gallery only, much impressed with the singing of the cantor and the blowing of the ram's horn, and a little taken aback by the quick exit at the end of the fast, presumably to get back home for the first square meal of the day.
But the thing that impressed me most was the friendship between the rabbi and the rector.
They are still trying to persuade you that Palatine really needs Anglo-Welsh, and  they are evidently prepared to spend vast amounts of their shareholders' money on national advertising to impress you.
She enjoyed the opportunity of impressing the president of the Lady Queen Bees.
Her name would probably appear in the newspaper twice within two days, since she was to deliver the main report to the Morals Committee; and that should really impress both friends and enemies.
He wondered how he had found sufficient courage to ask her to the Edwardian Ball, and then remembered that it was her air of calm dignity which had made him anxious to take her to impress his parents.
This extract from Overdrive's brochure is bound to impress a potential customer.
This offer failed to impress GFT and, having taken some informal advice from their company solicitors on winding-up procedures, instructed the local firm of Sam Sword and Spade, debt collectors, to serve a formal notice demanding payment of the outstanding £1250 (see below).
He impressed all of us.
Thirdly, it was not just the bald declarations of innocence that impressed me, but the nature and quality of those declarations: there were passages in both books which, as in Meehan's letters to me, had the sharp ring of truth.
You will no doubt be dazzled by the flashing neon lights and impressed by the crowds, the bustling traffic, the tall Victorian and Georgian buildings, the red buses and black taxis.
There can be no doubt that this claim has impressed many as an important reason why his views should not only be taken seriously but accepted as true.
There was a new cook and he was determined to impress.
Impressed with Moss's memory, Doyle nodded his head slowly.
because a bloody long bonnet doesn't impress
They all wanted to maintain peace, and they were all committed to defending Polish independence, a point which Bevin, on Lloyd George's behalf, impressed on Soviet diplomats in London —‘his first experience of diplomacy’, A. J. P. Taylor remarks, with characteristic acerbity, ‘but unfortunately not his last.’
Meredith was suddenly swept up in an insane desire to impress, well, produce something decent.
Out-of-town businessmen use our facilities, especially when they wish to impress important clients.’
At first I would go for short walks, lasting perhaps half an hour, and then return to bed sufficiently impressed with my own daring to be able to relax into sleep.
Sub-text : ‘I need to impress.’
They are talking a language we probably do not understand, and which they hope will impress us and befuddle us and increase their status.
When you tell her you're a doctor, she looks impressed.
This isn't the same as being popular or impressing the bosses.
Despite her early film success with Desperately Seeking Susan, Madonna has impressed more with her enthusiasm than ability in movies such as Shanghai Surprise, Who's That Girl? and Dick Tracy.
Conglomerate Hanson, strongly dependent on recovery in the US market, is unlikely to impress with year-end figures down 17% to £1.09bn., with the dividend rise for the year put at 1% to 11.1p.
HOLLYWOOD heart-throb Tom Cruise picked up the bill for a group of students he saw trying to impress their girlfriends.
But he so impressed bosses they asked him to apply for the more senior post of general marketing director.
Their replacements, Frederick Smit and Piet Pretorius, settled in quickly but it was surprising that Midlands didn't move England's Martin Bayfield from the middle to the front of the lineout, where Drikus Hattingh impressed with a succession of clean two-handed catches.
Hirst aims to impress
So impressed was the forward-thinking Murray with the two games against Leeds that he wants to speed up the introduction of a British Cup.
Impressed by the all-round excellence of Springbok No 8 Adriaan Richter, England reacted by giving Bath's Ben Clarke another crack at him on Saturday, and by recalling Mike Teague at blindside for his first international since the World Cup final.
Surprise French leaders Nantes impressed despite drawing 1–1 at home to Sochaux.
Maguire's remarkable exploits rightly grabbed most of the headlines, but Fitzgerald impressed as a horseman of the highest quality with 38 successes from limited opportunities.
The son of a humble bookbinder, he had impressed Cape coloured cricket's most famous overseas ambassador Basil D'Oliveira as 14-year-old.
Impressed
Broom impressed West Ham recently during a week's trial but said: ‘I haven't heard anything more.
Rovers impress Big Mal
Wright was substituted against Norway, having lost his way after missing a good chance, but Taylor said: ‘He deserves another go, but I must impress on him not to get so uptight if one gets away.
John quick to impress
I just hope he doesn't try too hard to impress.
Dropped by England for the recent Tests against Canada and South Africa, Probyn has responded by helping Wasps to the top of the Courage League and impressing colleagues and opponents alike.
Needless to say, this argument impressed Peron greatly.
This sort of application of test-tube fusion also impressed Indian Government scientists who decided that the western nations would soon classify test-tube fusion as a secret; thus India mounted an immediate test-tube fusion research effort so as to ‘get in on the ground floor’.
There is no simple guide as to how many publications impresses committees the most.
Nigel was almost as impressed with the fireplace as I had been, and really it inspired a feeling that was almost reverent.
Looked at in this light, and with conservation so constantly impressed upon us, I really can't see that the idea could be so shocking.
(A third possible explanation is that the whole story was made up, to impress unbelievers, by the apostle Matthew or whoever wrote the gospel ascribed to him.
It didn't make any noise, but it seemed to be impressing the humans no end.
He had hoped to impress her, and, though I knew this was the wrong way to go about it, since she was always embarrassed by emotional arguments, when she replied in a stiff, rather guarded way, I was deeply hurt on his behalf.
But he was not discontented now: we had been in Fe– two days and he was airing his local knowledge to impress Flora, who had just arrived.
Louise asked, impressed.
Nora was not nearly so impressed by that sort of thing as her cousin but she admitted to herself that it was unlikely a man from such a background would be deceiving Constance.
Andy Partner and Paul Flowers, regular central defenders in the youth team, thus have a chance to impress in the friendly fixture at Chelmsford City on Saturday (3 pm kick-off at New Writtle Street) with a view to being involved in the Cardiff and more especially the Carlisle clash.
This time last year the Witches were interested in Miroslaw Kowalik, a youngster who impressed in a training camp held at Mildenhall but who had too many Polish commitments to be considered in 1992.
His gallops have always impressed me but after a couple of disappointing runs on the flat his attentions were turned to the all-weather surfaces.
England concede initiative as Tufnell fails to impress
He impressed last year on his rare appearances in the first team and is highly rated.
Stewart made just one error with the gloves on a day of sweat and toil — failing to hold a difficult leg-side catch offered by Aravinda DeSilva on 74 off Devon Malcolm — but also impressed with the handling of his bowlers.
The eagerness with which the boy sought for knowledge, however, so impressed his schoolmaster that he continued to teach him without a fee; then, through Hooker's uncle who was Chamberlain of Exeter, he persuaded John Jewel, Bishop of Salisbury, to pay for him to study at the latter's old college of Corpus Christi at Oxford.
A die for impressing sheet metal with Style II ornament was found at Barton-on-Humber (Lincolnshire) with a set of weights and a balance (Capelle and Vierck 1971) and other dies are known from Salmonby (Lincolnshire), two from Suffolk and there is an example from Salisbury (Wiltshire)(ibid.), all of seventh-century date.
Your Rover Dealer will show you the car that's impressed the press so much.
Robust and reliable, Gib'Sea yachts impress those who know with their straightforward design, sturdy construction and excellent finish.
However, when Anne Wright came to Sunderland from Merseyside, it was not only the quality of life that impressed, but also the quality of light.
The appointment of Li Peng to the post of Premier at the congress did not impress the student protesters.
There is little public support and possession arrest no longer impresses lads in the canteen.
Nicolette's fusion of banging bass and meandering, torchy vocals — spiced with American blues and African music influences — has been impressing people since she was signed by north London's Shut Up And Dance in 1990.
Are you impressed?’
He'd done all this for his parents, particularly for his father, whose dedication to his children had always impressed Peter and moved him deeply.
Meditate on the words of Paul in Ephesians 4:17–29, asking the Holy Spirit to impress upon your mind where  he wants you to make changes to co-operate with him in this work of transformation.
As we discovered in Part One, many of the initiators of conflict in later life are learned and impressed upon us at this vital period.
However, when our car was serviced at a small back-street garage which we had never tried before, what really impressed us was not only the mechanical quality of the service, but the extra care taken.
Impressed with the performance of N185, Air Ministry officials decided to order four Iris Mk 111s for RAF service.
Both Andy Saunders and Peter Dimond impressed the writer with the depth of vision they hold about what TMAM faces in the future and the exact definition of the path it needs to take.
Two thirds of men say they choose their ties to impress their wife or girlfriend
The great news is, they're THE hippest accessory of the minute so if you've got something to hide AND want to impress your friends, fake it in fabulous style!
The lady was not two impressed with my old machine, insisting that all her knitters had Jones+Brother 585 machines.
Impressed by the form of the material sciences, Althusser follows Engels in comparing the development of Marx's ‘science’ with the development of the discovery of oxygen by Lavoisier and the relationship between the planets and the sun by Galileo.
This office was expensive in a subtly ostentatious way, minimalist but designed to impress the discerning.
Antonia went to great lengths to impress her ministerial lover.
The Texan wanted to impress him to clinch a business deal.
But less than six months later he fought back with a Commons performance that impressed the House and Prime Minister Harold Wilson…
At the Home Office, he impressed opponents and civil servants alike by the way he piloted intensely complex Bills through Parliament.
And every winner will also get a stylish Shamen bag to impress their pals.
McMENEMY: Impressed
And Preki, 29, impressed on his debut in the Coca Cola Cup defeat at Rotherham on Wednesday.
Bruce was the first United man to be cautioned and later McClair and Hughes followed him, but Torpedo's histrionic reaction to the visitors' tackling rarely impressed referee Jan Dangaard.
Kevin Brock, like Quinn a target for Portsmouth boss Jim Smith, slid the ball in from 14 yards to impress watching scouts.
The Thelma & Louise star, then a sales assistant, impressed a talent spotter who snapped her up for a stage role.
And Fred, 28 — who topped the charts with ‘I'm Too Sexy’— seemed quite impressed by it.
‘Johnny enjoyed using Fergie's name to impress other women.
And he said: ‘When she's got problems of her own yet takes time out to do this, it leaves me tremendously impressed.
Clough said: ‘Gary has impressed me very much in the month he has spent with us so far.
But I'll always take a chance with players if I think they are right, and this lad really impressed me.’
Astrac Trio, Norton's other Florida purchase last August, obliged at Southwell recently and Celestial Key impressed Kevin Darley by wearing down favourite Blow Dry inside the final furlong.
He's impressed a number of Premier League managers but Venables will be the first to make a move.
Impressed
Tikva, a 26-year-old Israeli, has impressed on trial at the City Ground with the Belgian club pricing him at £500,000.
Richard Burton apart, you starred with many leading actors — who has impressed you the most?
So in order to impress her I made a speech and it apparently did impress her because I'm married to her now.
Alan looked impressed.
Certainly I'd impressed myself.
‘Raindown’ again impresses because of the newly-found POD focus, its guitars taking time to breathe and plan their next assault, while Craig's voice breaks away from its usual comparisons and finds its own piece of sky to lark about in.
I've seen evidence of his denouncing racial prejudice in others, and it greatly impressed me.
Now's your chance to impress your friends when they come over to your cardboard box.
Gannets amaze and impress me every time I see them.
Dusk was falling swiftly, as it always does in the tropics, and the silence that had so impressed me by daylight suddenly became noisy with the night life of the jungly-type trees in the mountains behind-the bull frogs, strange bird cries, the never-ending background of the cicadas.
So to impress him I told him briefly of the four stages of polio — first the porodomal, second the muscle pain, then the period of muscle destruction which usually took no longer than fourteen days, and finally the period of repair.
Which feats have impressed you the most?
What impresses me in Messner is the combination he has of immense boldness and analytical power.
‘Really?’ said Tommy's mother, sounding impressed.
Eager to build on the positive response to the earlier guide-lines, and to impress on employers their collective responsibilities in assisting returners to practise safely, the UKCC put forward the following proposals for consideration:
STEVE BACHOP , the Western Samoan outside-half who impressed so much in the World Cup, is back for his second successive season with the Dublin club,Blackrock College .
Wiser heads, impressed by the scale and intensity of working-class militancy in  a single region and recognizing that an ill-timed coup might merely provoke rather than prevent a nationwide revolution of the left, placed their faith in subtler tactics.
Thirdly, Franco and advisers such as his brother-in-law, Ramón Serrano Suñer, looking ahead to a post-war Spain and impressed by Italian and German precedents, were becoming increasingly attracted to the idea of a single-party and perhaps even totalitarian state.
This was my first visit to the line and apart from being impressed by the set-up I felt a genuine warmness from everyone I spoke to.
Impressed despite herself, Tabitha watched him closely.
His new found maturity on and off the court is impressing many and diluting the controversial image he has carried with him since turning professional four years ago.
Your stringer should be able to explain these terms and more — and understanding some of the stringers' buzz words can be useful, even if it's just to impress your friends.
It was extraordinary how many details simultaneously impressed themselves on Dalgliesh's  mind.
IMPRESSED, POSITIVE
He had no thought of impressing me or anyone else for that matter.
Little has been written on the subject since then, but one may infer from the few remarks that are made on it that psychologists are no longer so impressed by ‘the insuperable logical difficulty’ James believed there to be in the way of saying that the difference between sensations may be one of ‘place pure and simple’.
So if I have associated the right word — say, the word blue — with the right impression — the impression I get when I look at a cornflower — there is no fear of my language not mirroring reality as there is if I talk about fate or fortune , these not being words for simple ideas impressed on my mind by external objects.
The older generation tends to believe in such dishes as health cures, aphrodisiacs or a source of physical and mental strength, while the prosperous young order them to impress their friends.
To impress and drive away lesser males, the harem bull develops a darker coat and a swollen neck.
This terrifying face has evolved to impress.
And Steve Albini — slightly abrasive, direct and not one to compromise just to impress people — is here in this studio to remaster everything for the reissues.
TOMATO CONTINUE to impress with a pair of releases that may be label mates but, in relationship to each other, go no further than holding hands.
Cosloy, impressed, invited the band over to play at this summer's New Music Seminar in New York, where they pulled apart the Knitting Factory with a glorious show that proved to be one of the most talked about of the week.
After ‘Wish You Were Here’, Pink Floyd had shot their finest bolt and the socially condemning ‘Animals’ and ‘The Wall’(both of which sounded more like vehicles for Waters' psychiatrist couch rantings) still fail to impress.
Another body which agrees with Rutherford is the Irish Union which, while keen to simplify ‘the line-out jungle’, does not seem impressed with the quick throw-in concept.
Plucked out of school rugby by the current All Black assistant coach, Ellis has impressed with his ability and polished skills.
Coleby looked impressed.
Favourably impressed.
‘I mean were you suitably impressed.’
The hints he had thrown out, that he was connected in some illegitimate way with the Hamilton family, could be dismissed as a typical lie told to impress, another Cape Horn.
Jim was keen to impress that it was not a scale model of anything but a real small narrow gauge locomotive in its own right.
Of the rest, Anke Huber impressed the most.
But most of all, I wasn't at all impressed with the absence of Monica Seles.
The scattering of maps is random and often difficult to read, but it is the only catalogue to illustrate a Chacmool in the supine position with head turned that impressed Henry Moore.
Impressed by the slave's apparent physical prowess, Percy took ‘Bill Richmond’ under his tutelage and groomed him for prize fighting.
He impressed Meredith Jones as he impressed Philip Burton — both to an extent that they had never been impressed before, driving them to help him help himself.
Mime (in Les Misérables), a big leading role  (Professor Higgins), a virtuoso turn (as an American businessman in Youth At The Helm , he had impressed everyone by talking into five telephones at once— everybody in Taibach talked about it: Cis heard accounts ‘up and down the street’), work on the radio and, above all, those scrupulous sessions in Ma Smith's front room and on the high hills, schoolteacher and pupil, two sons of miners in Wales, striving to speak the language of Shakespeare faultlessly.
He startled Philip with him, so impressed Emlyn Williams with a recitation on a London street in a blackout that Williams could recall it precisely forty years later, and introduced anybody he thought would appreciate it to the dark-vowelled, consonant-cracking language of the man whose most famous work would be Under Milk Wood , whose first performance — on radio and stage — would star Richard Burton.
This he could recite without the book, a poem of Wilfred Owen's which he had impressed into the minds of every one of his pupils in Battle Creek.
If the players really impress you with their heckling and barracking of the puppets (and they'll have to be witty as well as abusive), the puppets will eventually break off their performance, perhaps concluding with an important tip about a major location within the dungeons (if the players did exceptionally well).
‘The thing that most impresses me and most encourages my students when I use Streamline is that Streamline is an audiovisual course.
For the most part, however, Elizabethans  preferred to be remembered for their ancestry and achievements rather than for their piety, and in order to impress succeeding generations of parishioners, they incorporated into their monuments inscriptions, heraldic devices, and portraits of themselves in their lavish official robes.
Alongside whatever direct impact petitions had on MPs, some printed material and very particular kinds of evidence were channelled straight to parliamentarians — especially the results of quantifying aspects of the slave trade and slavery and the direct testimony of witnesses whose authenticity was expected to impress.
‘Hard’ evidence of a quantitative kind was never neglected by abolitionists since they appreciated that it was more likely to impress parliamentarians who were conscious of their role as ‘cool’arbiters of the national interest and who consequently distanced themselves from ‘enthusiasm’.
In Liverpool William Rathbone extracted figures from the muster roles which Clarkson used as the basis for the statistics on mortality, disease and desertion amongst seamen engaged in the slave trade and which apparently impressed the Privy Council committee.
They did as much if not more for the internal cohesion of antislavery as in impressing the outside world.
The obvious questions for churchmen were how best to improve order within the church and how to impress the church upon society.
Simulators can provide demonstrations which always impress visitors.
The Committee's task was to make arrangements for a congress of all those interested in union, to impress Europe with the vitality and necessity of the cause, and to seek some institutional structures of a European organisation.
Occasionally the proprietors of some of the quality houses would comment on the successful inclusion of travel films in the programme as it was thought that this would impress the casual respectable trade but far more common was the exhibitor who reported a hostile response to short films dealing with ‘industrial’ subjects.
What was most disastrous about the educated response to American and British cinema was the way in which good movies or movies that had impressed were conveniently forgotten.
To film a well-known book was a sure way to impress the respectable classes and to attract new patrons from the reading public and the familiarity of the title generally helped in exploitation.
With The Big Parade Vidor won new friends for American films  but what had impressed MGM was that the film made money and also pointed to the way in which romance would be coupled with broader themes; there was obviously no harm in indulging Vidor a little.
In typical Hughes fashion, the machine was not flown from 1939 to 1947, initially defying the US Army to impress it.
The features that impressed these employers about the spare/part-time jobs of young people applying for apprenticeships in their firms were mainly elements which were absent in WE schemes.
The Magyar example itself much impressed the Irish; in 1904 a Sinn Fein leader published a book on The Resurrection of Hungary .
Much recent research has focused on the degrees of co-operation and collusion between the mass media and those with the power to impress their own definitions of the world onto the practices of news organizations.
At the next table, the black African diplomat was  impressing the girl he was with.
The interest of some countries, notably Romania, in a doctrine of ‘national defence’ has not impressed Poland's military commanders any more than it has their Soviet patrons.
A prime purpose of the Soviet Armed Forces is to move Soviet diplomacy along: to act as its complement or counterpoint, to intimidate, encourage and impress.
It disarmed his opponents and the image impressed the outside world.
Several videos on less obvious techniques have also impressed me this year.
The competitive nature of public examinations was brutally brought home to me a few years ago when I was first impressed by the instructional potential of programmed learning.
She looked around the kitchen, impressed.
Nurse Walton looked suitably impressed.
Analysts, impressed by results so far, think Zurich is well-placed to do both.
But by themselves neither ‘new faces’ nor concessions, gestures and fancy phrases dressed up as ‘new measures’will impress.
But it is also a lesson that Yucatan's businessmen and its state government have been trying to impress on investors from the United States — with controversial results.
To argue with a Greek today is to experience the same mixture of exhilaration (because he is so full of ideas, so quick with logic) and exasperation (when he slides around awkward facts) that many a growlingly impressed Roman experienced two millennia ago.
His detachment impressed the room.
Minor revenue posts, and as in this case, even the location of rented office space, were one of the more effective methods of impressing the members of a town council with what could be done for them, or to them.
Lord Home ordered his agents in Scotland to seize Brown as soon as he landed and to impress upon him ‘what is very trew that if he oppose me he will dissoblige Prince Waldeck and all his officers’, and thus presumably ruin any chance which he might have of advancement.
Holland was the country that impressed him most:
She wrote to the Director General, was invited to meet, and met, his Deputy, Harman Grisewood, who impressed her with his sympathy for her concerns.
And as the handmaid of religiosity, ritual's part was to express and impress those sentiments of group adherence on which the orderly life of the social organism depended for its survival.
Frankly, he's a pain in the arse, but Martinez pays me a handsome amount of money and provides me with a very flashy car, which impresses the likes of young Lindy over there, so who am I to argue?’
Not everybody's impressed with the P5-aka-Pentium.
But it's the security features that impress serious LAN users.
Kepler Wessels's young side will shine in the field, while Allan Donald, in an early warmup match at Perth, impressed onlookers as being yards faster than Craig McDermott, the destroyer of India in the recent Test series.
But it was as a young cricketer, distinctive even then with his fair complexion and blond hair (hence ‘Ghost’, years later), that he particularly impressed his games master, John Kitson.
There were a few diplomatic handshakes as the players left the field at the end, but it seemed a relief that an extra week lay between this Test match and the next, and it could only be hoped that work would continue behind the scenes to impress upon these cricketers, especially the more excitable ones, that the game does not deserve to be abused.
What impresses above all is the ‘tribal identity’ which clearly inspires the entire cricket movement in the area.
‘We would have been interested in signing Czech rider Gaspar Forgac who impressed us on Press Day.’
But, thanks to a power-packed ride from Pat Eddery, Eurolink Thunder capturing the Laburnum Conditions Stakes and Captain Horatius impressing in the Magnolia Stakes saw his third and fourth do the business.
It is the latter argument which impresses the Norwegian politicians.
Recent climbdowns over next year's tests fail to impress Mr Brunt.
It was the Josephite hierarchy which orchestrated the remarkable development of monarchic ideology which so impressed Herberstein.
The armed following that accompanied Robert the Frisian on his Jerusalem pilgrimage so impressed the Emperor of Byzantium, Alexius Comnenus, with its martial bearing that he requested similar assistance from the west.
As chief adviser to Louis VI in the last decade of his reign, and as Louis VII's most trusted minister until his death in 1152, he had many  opportunities to impress his theories on princes and lords who would not dare to scoff.
While Raymond of Toulouse remained in Outremer, Stephen and Hugh disgraced themselves in escaping from the siege of Antioch, and Robert Curthose, no matter how gallant, at least in his lifetime failed to impress, Robert II's prestige soared to the skies.
Nixon's advisers impressed upon him that such a controversial figure could not be confirmed by an overwhelmingly Democratic congress.
Given the widespread feelings of disillusionment abroad in 1976, Carter's strategy of offering himself as a new broom was electorally well judged, but if he impressed the voters, his relentless and sanctimonious moralizing irritated and alienated legislators whose support he would eventually need.
His form impressed many during the ‘A’ team series with England last winter.
This impressed the members until it was discovered he had been stung by a bee!
Peter Moores impresses more with bat and gloves every time I clap eyes on him; Martin Speight is beginning to weld patience and big numbers to his undoubted ability and bottomless well of self-belief; and if a fractured ankle has set the seal on Adrian Jones's dispiriting season there has been consolation in the imposing shape of Ed Giddins.
If you want to impress those beautiful beach babes, there's only one way.
The pottery was as late as any in Roman Britain and even included one sherd thought to be ‘Romano-Saxon’ since it had impressed on to it a Saxon type of stamp; however, the vessel was wheel-turned and clearly of Romano-British manufacture.
In the first place, becoming a housewife impresses them by the very openness of the role [?]and by the freedom they now have from constraining supervision…
However, despite my indignation about the ignorant handling of the ceramics section, I came away excited and deeply impressed by this show which should not be missed by anyone interested in modern art.
He was respectful but unalarmed when the King appeared and after a moment's silence he chose to laugh at the likeness and the revelation that they were distant cousins; indeed, so little was Rassendyll impressed that he noted that the King's mouth lacked ‘something of the firmness (or obstinacy) which was to be gathered from my close-shutting lips’.
Enter Lucignano and one of the first things to immediately impress the first-time visitor is the peace and quiet of the town's narrow streets and alleyways.
Seventeen year old Ian Vickers again impressed all, winning three of the four super division events.
He was determined to impress Benin.
Rookies were all the same in the beginning, eager to please and desperate to be judged favourably by their superiors, but within the space of a few months they had become as bitter and cynical as the seasoned policemen they had been trying to impress.
The reception area had obviously been designed to impress, with its mushroom-coloured Anton Plus carpet imported from America, its three-tiered Czechoslovakian glass crystal lights, its brown leather armchairs and its crushed velour curtains draped ornately on either side of the plate glass window facing directly out on to the car park.
When he turned his first thought was that she too had been designed to impress.
At a very early age the Spencer children had impressed upon them the value of good manners, honesty and accepting people for what they are, not for their position in life.
There is no way of telling how many of the episodes described are elaborations produced to impress, or how far they are accurate descriptions of action sequences on which both teachers and pupils would agree.
There is a sundial over the door, dated 1751, and inscribed with the reminder ‘Time Passeth’— a concept which surely impressed the young Tennyson and which he must have mused upon a length as a boy.
At Kenwick woods, near Louth, there is a footpath through one of the loveliest sites on the eastern slopes of the wolds; where pines, beeches, poplars, limes and many other varieties of tree impress a gracious elegance amid the surrounding, intensely agricultural, rolling landscape .
I suppose that you just can't help loving this crafty, gormless, dithering, impatient Dagenham boy done good who's made and apparently lost millions out of being a loveable loser, a part-time winner, with a bit of a chip on his shoulder, perpetually on the edge of panic, needing to much to impress.
During turns little or no rudder is required to maintain balance, the elevators, rudder and ailerons are excellent and well harmonised and one would be very hard to please if the little bird failed to impress.
Unlike many people since the end of the Second World War, Freud, writing in the late 1920s, remained impressed with the progress made in the use of technology in improving man's life, although not unaware of the potential it had for destruction.
Nor does it impress Freud to be told that religious propositions are ‘as if ’ types of proposition, and that one should live ‘as if ’it were true that there were gods, or God, for there is nothing to lose this way.
It's an event which cannot fail to impress even the most cynical Cruella de Vil.
This spontaneous gesture impressed the doctor.
When we think of Callas, we think of an incredible musician with an incredibly strong dramatic gift, but there have also been great voices in history and there are some orchestras which are successful with your understanding, at least, because they have this collective voice which impresses you immediately.
The comparison I have to hand is the 1962 Dorati on Mercury, which did not greatly impress AW last year.
They impress me less in the beautiful central Andante in C minor: it needs expressive playing which should be poignant without overstepping the bounds of musical propriety that Mozart set himself, and here it sounds merely pleasing.
By contrast, Oistrakh on Le Chant du Monde, though not entirely at home in the Gallic idiom, is far more subtle in inflexion and seems less determined to impress.
If impressing less as a ‘big’ personality she nevertheless has a vivid way of making the developments real and present: for example, at the start of the Act 2 solo, ‘que viens-je d'entendre?’, she conveys, still more than Baker, the sense of the overheard talk having happened a minute or two before.
Among the more established bands, Four Idle Hands impressed with the best songs of the weekend.
Cassidys are in the process of upgrading everything but their prices (the whole outfit pictured above excluding shoes comes in at less than £50) and the travellers declared themselves seriously impressed with the clothes, the balance of the models and the new shop design.
In England, as has been shown, both Edward III and Richard II reacted to mercantile opinion expressed in Parliament by impressing large numbers of ships for purposes of defence, such fleets at times employing almost as many soldiers at sea as did field armies on land, all at great expense.
Royal officers, under the charge of admirals, were despatched to the ports with instructions to impress or requisition vessels for the king's use, whether this was to transport men, animals, or equipment across the sea.
Oliver impresses people.
Who does he think he's impressing?
The solvents listed above, you might care to know, make no impress on mouche excrement, so when confronted by this problem in your own home life use sputum or ammonia, and if that fails you must pick the droppings off with a scalpel.
He was willing to take from the divergent policies of the Chinese and Russian parties whatever he deemed appropriate for success; he was inspired by Mao's mass mobilisation but equally impressed by the authority and ruthless direction shown by Stalin.
He added that he did wish, however, to impress upon the Department the importance which the Korean Government and people attached to their apparent exclusion from the defense plans of the United States in the Far East.
MacArthur impressed most of those who met him through his strengths of character, commitment and tenacity.
It is evident that certain US officers were favourable impressed by Vlasov; however, government policy called for the handing over of all renegade Russians to the Red Army.
He was a quiet, wise, friendly man who ran his hall with a minimum of rules and regulations, treating undergraduates as adults and impressing on them the need for courtesy and consideration in their dealings with one another, and with the domestic staff.
It does not impress the reader and it may obscure the message.
This impressed Boulton so much that he asked Murdock to call again.
It is even possible that Gloucester's claims of another plot against him were intended not only to justify Hastings' removal but to impress the council with the gravity of the situation and make them more disposed, not less, to back Gloucester's leadership as the one hope of stability in a worsening political climate.
Any unobliterated postage or revenue stamp valid for current use in the British postal area or elsewhere (except a revenue stamp embossed or impressed on an instrument which has been executed).
Any postage or revenue stamp that is not defaced valid for current use in the British postal area or elsewhere (except a revenue stamp embossed or impressed on an instrument which has been executed).
In the twenties, both in England and in America, we have a situation in which the infant and child mortality rates are fast declining, mainly owing to new advances in medical knowledge; at the same time, the world's values have been shaken by the First World War, writers and journalists have both more freedom and more inclination than ever before to discuss religion from an agnostic point of view, and the vengeful God of heaven and hell no longer impresses in quite the old way.
John was impressed with the state of affairs at Toddington but even more impressed with the enthusiasm of the volunteers who like their counterparts on other preserved lines keep the wheels turning.
William Morton Pitt of Kingston Maurwood, MP for Dorset and a relative of the two famous Prime Ministers ‘impressed with the beauty of the situation of Swanwich and the salubrity of its climate, and finding the shore of smooth fine sand to be admirably adapted for sea bathing, first conceived the idea of raising it to the condition of a watering place’.
Thus the question which confronts Christian feminists — how should they deal with the fact that the basic symbol of their religion is that of a male Christ — does not really impress her.
(A character, in Catholic Aristotelian theology, is a similitude or image impressed by another.)
Mobuto's address to the General Assembly had impressed him.
Johnnie Armstrong, distinguished from others of that surname by the to-name of Black Jock, dressed himself up in all his finery and rode with fifty of his best men to meet the  king in Teviotdale, obviously hoping to impress him as a near equal.
Instead of being impressed, James was mightily displeased.
‘Often at loggerheads with Holyoake, Greening, Hughes and other advocates of the ‘'bonus to labour’ and the development of Co-operative Production by means of independent Societies under producers' control, he was able to impress his personal philosophy of Co-operation upon the Movement and to win for himself a position of recognised leadership.’
Pham Van Dong in Paris, as well as Giap in Hanoi, had a comparable distrust of French intentions and, since elections of a kind had been held in January 1946, the Vietminh had been busy consolidating communist power at the centre of a nationalist movement which, in its external aspect, impressed many observers with its moderation.
Clara was not fully aware of Miss Haines' interest, because it was hidden by a sharp and brisk demeanour, and by an almost excessive severity, so she worked all the harder in her efforts to impress.
She wondered if there was the faintest chance of impressing them with the significance of her position.
She was tremendously impressed by a casual comparison which he drew between the victorious hero of the film and Corneille's Le Cid, and all the more impressed because Le Cid was one of her set texts for A Level, whereas he was taking physics, chemistry and mathematics.
What impressed her most of all was his knowledge of the town itself, and of the way a town functions.
The Comédie Française did not impress her either, for it seemed to her a collection of posturing gabbling shadows, mocking at plays that she had studied in tranquillity and silence: the celebrated mirrors of Versailles were all spotty, Notre-Dame looked at her as though it had two spires missing from on top, and the famous intellectual cafés were full of old men and tourists.
The eagle was so evidently, so ferociously beautiful; one would have thought that it could have impressed itself upon the most unwilling beholder.
The incident of the ass: God's purpose seems to be so to impress Balaam, that no matter how hard Balak works on him, the prophet will stick to the truth.
His stepbrother, half-scandalized and wholly impressed by Herbert's levity, never forgot the episode.
Within a few weeks Richard was loading Marshal with honours, lands and responsibility and an incident such as this, combining skill at arms with sound political common sense, could well have impressed him.
She had also decided to invite Louise and Miriam, whom she wanted to impress with her domestic abilities, but only after a struggle in which she was torn between the pleasure of impressing them and the displeasure of having two more women and thereby disturbing what she considered to be a favourable balance of the sexes.
And then, for the first time in his place of birth, he read The Dry Salvages which opens with the Mississippi, the river which had so  impressed his childish imagination.
One ex-Harvard dealer who was recruited by a stockbroker found his new colleagues surprised that, with his Harvard background, he should be there, although doubtless his sales ability impressed them.
References to "poison pills"  "shark repellants" and "golden parachutes" irritate some investors even as they impress others — and they flummox almost everybody.
This term has, in practice, been used generally by dealers who want to impress their clients.
Furthermore, the infamous cassette tape recording of open outcry on a real trading floor was turned right up to impress clients, so the AEs had to shout loudly to make themselves heard.
There they had been questioned for a long time, in a way which — Alice could see, watching Bert's face as he told the tale — had not only impressed but sobered the two.
The smile apparently had impressed Bert and Jasper.
I sit in front of the television and impress my girl-friend by pointing out all the faults of the players; it is much more comfortable and less dangerous than participation, and my girl-friend thinks I am wonderful.
The ceramics particularly impressed her and she found that they were referred to in the catalogue as "agitational chinaware" .
Impressed, they passed him on to an agency with a good reputation for seeing young people.
It was his unselfconscious but absolute seriousness about art that so impressed his words upon others.
The dispute was being regarded as a trial of strength by the labour movement (in a nationwide context of increased union militancy) and the solidarity of all the trades in the printing industry impressed the employers still standing out against the men's memorial.
If that was the Big Time, it wouldn't have impressed them too much — the journey would have seemed like an eternity.
He also used Law himself to impress editors who were on less familiar terms with Fraser, as with Marlowe of the Daily Mail, and Law took a direct interest in negotiations with the most difficult of all the Unionist editors, J. L. Garvin of the Observer.
At the meeting of Unionists of 12 November, Law read the letter and impressed his audience with the concessions that Lloyd George seemed ready to make.
In Wales the Unionists had only two coupons out of twenty-two, because most of the sitting Liberals backed Lloyd George, but this did not much impress Welsh Unionists.
The attitudes of and between parents begin to impress themselves on it simply because they are parental attitudes, not because they are understood.
Esther says of Mrs Jellyby: her voice impressed my fancy as if it had a sort of spectacles on too Ch 8 and of Mr Turveydrop:
Lawrence does not neglect sound effects in impressing on us the harsh sensory qualities of the industrial scene.
Billy was not at all impressed by the chapel and was trying to out-stare some heifers in the next field.
They tend to dress for comfort and convenience rather than to impress.
The temptation is, of course, to impress management with national press coverage, but this may not always be the most effective.
However, a really heavy paper does not impress and is often seen more as ostentation than as a sign of quality.
Well you're probably only doing that though in order to impress people when you go back.
But it didn't impress his mother.
This impressive series of statutes may owe something to the influence of Justinian's Code and Digest , which was the core of Roman law and the foundation of the training of civil lawyers; yet while Roman law was part of the atmosphere breathed by nearly all lawyers in the thirteenth century, and at least one outstanding civil lawyer, Vacarius, was familiar to Englishmen, the statutes on the whole betray little impress of Justinian, concerned as they were largely with the clarification of traditional indigenous and feudal problems.
In part his actions had been designed to impress Russia's allies, especially the Chinese who continued to preach revolutionary Communism and a harsh anti-Western line.
His moves within Russia towards ‘openness’(glasnost ), accompanied as they were by freer elections and the release of dissidents, including Sakharov in 1986, impressed Western public opinion.
‘I asked (I was trying to fit in what we'd heard of him) about his having passed out of the Ecole Normale so high, which had rather impressed me.
The teachers in our study did use strategies which came into the first category, but it was the second which was the key to understanding the all-pervasive quality of the collaboration and the self-sufficiency of the children which had so impressed us, allowing the teacher uninterrupted periods of time for working with individuals and groups.
Bobby, attempting to impress one of the more glamorous female students, had invented for Wood the name ‘Oska’ and this nickname, in Bobby's spelling, stuck.
They were shown round by a Père Obein whose calm wisdom and urbanity so impressed them that he remained for them a touchstone of good sense.
Nevertheless the urgency of his conviction impresses and as his appreciation of Blake proceeds he reveals the extent to which his own preoccupations drew inspiration from this artist's work.
Towards the end of 1951 he undertook a Sketch-Club criticism at St Martin's School of Art where his liveliness and way of talking impressed the young David Tindle, who, though not a student at St Martin's, was sitting in among the audience.
‘What's going on here?’ he would ask, setting to work a critical apparatus that left his students impressed.
His apparently unflagging zest for life impressed Bowler.
Though the function of a menu is usually to inform, it may also — left on a mantelpiece — serve to impress, to decorate, or to amuse.
He was not at all impressed by her explanation that it was just to eliminate him from their inquiries.
George Eliot clearly admires the one at Cheverel Manor, ‘which was so bare of furniture that it impressed one with its architectural beauty like a cathedral’.
This is no fiction, but a report from the Daily Telegraph of 1864 which so impressed itself upon Ruskin that he reprinted it in red type in Sesame and Lilies : ‘Be sure, the facts themselves are written in that colour, in a book which we shall all of us, literate or illiterate, have to read our page of, some day.’
It does not arise, as Letterman imagines, from impressing on women your sympathy and sensitivity to their imagined plight.
Their analysis may not go any deeper than that, but it is expressed in a way which impresses Letterman, a sort of passionate commitment to the power of the idea which he has — subversively — been advocating in Hollywood for years.
He replied: ‘Really he didn't impress me very much, to be honest about it.
Doubtless because he impressed the Congress he was asked to join Mikhail Borodin as Comintern agent in Canton.
Probably some green kid fresh out of journalism school, anxious to impress.
I tried to impress upon the child that if he had landed in England before he met me, he would not have spoken English and people there might have regarded him as ridiculous.
In one sentence Jean-Claude was trying to impress M. Lévy and insult my husband.
The eliciting context of ‘Fighting talk’ was one in which the boys may have been quite strongly motivated to impress the researcher by exaggerating the extremity of their views on race.
It was the seasonal migrants who impressed the rest of Spain with Galician poverty; under their ‘kings’ perhaps 30,000 labourers went south for the harvest in  the 1890's.
‘Of course’— Hugh seemed deeply impressed with his surroundings —‘we'll help with the barbecue.
At the same time its hardness meant that it could be used to impress softer substances such as clay or wax without incurring wear.
Neither at Syracuse nor at Cyrene did the native element, which consisted partly of nomads (JRS , 1978, p. 224), much influence the quality of Greek culture, except that the need to impress the Libyan locals may have had something to do with the long survival of the Battiad kingship.
Herodotus' History can be seen as a sermon on the text that Spartans and Persians, even in their great period of conflict, gradually came to value each other 's qualities:2 at first(Hdt. i.153) Cyrus the Great scoffs at the Greeks who come together in a market-place to cheat each other ; by the end, the exiled Spartan king Demaratos is shown (vii.104) lecturing a clearly impressed Xerxes on the subject of Spartan deference to law.
This is the first show of Cooper's dedicated exclusively to this medium that I have ever seen and it impresses me as providing the ideal means for her to achieve that tenuous balance between coy decorativeness and crude primitiveness which she uses successfully to convey the psychological weight of a figure's gesture.
These fossil-like impressions of flesh-forms convey a chilling vulnerability not shared but enhanced by the metal material which they now permanently impress.
which impressed me with its green circumference.
No doubt the jury would have been interested to hear that the victim had convictions for offences of dishonesty, and conceivably even more impressed (though in law they would be wrong to be) to learn that she had in the past tried to stab a policeman.
He'll show you how to impress your friends and he'll talk about the role of the man in the kitchen.
His efforts to soften the Masons' sinister image — he ordered all branches to launch publicity drives — have failed to impress their numerous critics.
Alistair hoped to impress Hazel with his growing ease in this milieu (and managed to exchange wary leers with a few shambling, half-familiar figures — fellow screenplay writers, knowers, seekers).
But these days Hazel seemed sufficiently impressed by him anyway, whatever he did.
Alistair lay there the next morning (her turn to make tea), wondering about this business of being impressed.
Hazel had impressed him mightily, seven years ago, in bed: by not getting out of it when he got into it…the office telephone rang many times that Monday, but none of the callers had anything to say about Offensive from Quasar 13 .
Everybody looked suitably impressed.
When Ps. lanisticola was first described by Dr Warren Burgess in 1976, the hobby was in general not impressed, as the new species was said to be similar in appearance to livingstonii with the main difference being in the dentition.
When the National Rivers Authority heard of the Gold Line product they asked for samples, and so impressed were they that Steve now supplies exclusively to the Thames and Severn/Trent divisions, which both have extensive coarse fish breeding stations.
However, impressed in particular by the fact that Price was an accomplice who had retracted his Swedish evidence before the magistrate, the court decided to discharge the order made by the magistrate.
Nor am I impressed by the floodgates argument — it is said that the Divisional Court would be overwhelmed by applications to review visitors' decisions.
I endeavoured to impress upon them that the cause I was fighting for was that of women and children.
The chanting of arithmetical tables by the whole class, day after day, used to impress the data so firmly that none of the circumstances of later life could eliminate that early acquirement.
In this way the diverse opinions and findings of a topic are high-lighted and impressed on your consciousness, as a supplement to the printed textbooks that should be your guides.
So far we have tried to impress on you the importance of having one set of notes rather than a mass of different notebooks or scraps of paper.
You can impress on yourself the need for clarity of expression, meticulous accuracy and brevity by imagining, while writing a report, that you will have to defend the completed version in court under cross-examination by an opposing Counsel.
This aspect of the writing of reports has been exaggerated to impress on you that every report, even the least important, must be able to stand up to expert cross-examination.
So in 1950 the American, Hillary Waugh, impressed by a volume of real murder cases he had picked up, not so much because of the horrific details the author had dwelt on as by the tone of  authenticity that seemed to arise naturally from the accounts of the cases, decided to write a fictional crime story catching as much as he could of this real-life feel.
So the claims that are made for the good of prison does your not, your not impressed by, well we have to give right of reply to Patricia  as you work at Cottonvale.
Anne has said that, that giving them th th the grizzliest facts doesn't really impress them.
Thirty years old — five years older than Richard — she carried the unmistakable air of not being easily impressed by anything, or anyone.
His determination to impress Joan, to win her, made him even more tongue-tied; his usual conversational gambit was to shift from foot to foot and laugh a great deal.
Lewis impressed upon Simon Draper the need for Virgin to sign the group, Culture Club, and their lead singer — now rechristened Boy George.
He trotted past the celebrated twisting and churning of the Lodore Falls without the slightest inclination to stop and wonder: there was no-one around to impress and the sudden skin of grey which had drawn tightly over the summer sky like a blind hurried him on.
The force of this demand impressed both men.
The ‘Honourable’ had not impressed Mr Crump; the younger brother of an Earl had not daunted him — he was aware, though, that the man talked to him easily and, equally, made him comfortable.
His success impressed him and he wanted to celebrate.
She could clearly remember the first day that Scott had shown her around, could remember being impressed by the overwhelming glamour of it all.
‘No, but you are very fortunate —’ She looked, it seemed to me, suitably impressed.
Even in the fading light it impressed her, if only because it was worse even than she had imagined — or Lionel had said.
Mbanefo was a splendid man of total integrity and his colleagues impressed me in the same way.
So he thought up lots of cool things he had done, to impress it, to show it how much he deserved the ice crown.
I was young and easily impressed, so when I saw her in the West Indies, beautiful and elegantly dressed, I thought I loved her.
Mig Romerez did not even recognise a football when I showed him one but his exotic appearance should be enough to impress those bumpkins in ‘The Tip’ crowd.
In fact, so  impressed am I with his performance that I shall personally be paying his train fare from Birmingham twice a week.
Within another two minutes Simmons was two-thirds towards completing his hat trick after he outpaced all six defenders and side-footed the ball past goalkeeper Slack, who had been caught unawares as at the time he was trying to impress a group of young girls in the crowd by swinging on the crossbar.
It is sometimes possible to answer a question literally in a couple of sentences, but this will not always impress the examiner.
Far more pupils are taken on than can hope to succeed in practice, and if you have not been able to impress any barrister sufficiently with your qualities to be taken on, it may perhaps be for the best that you are forced to look to a different career at this juncture.
The ships impress your uncle very much.
The trains in India and in Morocco had impressed them on recital tours as some of the most distinctive they had ever seen.
It may not impress you, but there's a man I should be defending in court all day, and it's nearly dawn.
But he was encouraged by his feelings for Deirdre, by his desire to impress her, perhaps also by some vague idea that to excite her sympathy would automatically make him more attractive to her.
Oblivious, Michael Stein continued, obviously seeking to impress.
Stephen looked impressed.
‘She wanted to impress you with some new clothes she bought in France.
When they had eaten, sitting companionably at the kitchen table, she told him how impressed she was by his unsuspected talent.
‘I had it impressed upon me that my posting to your staff was a matter of strict duty.
Maud talked with a mixture of pedantry and horse sense that impressed him as singular and forcible.
Richmann, clearly less impressed with Henri's powers of fortune-telling, snorted.
Harrods has the final say in whom its concessions may hire, even down to the lowliest positions, and Sally may have seemed the obvious choice to impress them.
Thanks for the tip, Daniel, we're sure our readers will enjoy impressing their friends with this useful shortcut.
When you come to use it, DataEase impresses in several ways.
1824 "This Meeting being impressed with the utility to the Island by the appointment of a Steamboat to ply in place of the Packet, do unanimously Stent themselves in the sum of one Hundred and ten pounds sterling for this current Year…"
It is easy to dismiss them as the strategic outpourings of a new recruit trying to impress the party machine.
The readiness with which the American delegates impressed their character and energy upon the Congress, leading its deliberations, influencing its thought, and even in some instances correcting its faults, is a quiet but signally effective illustration of their better preparation for a more thorough practical acquaintance with the work of deliberative assemblies.
Lisa was always his favourite and he seemed favourably impressed that Tony had stayed around.
They were both impressed now.
Whereas the good introduction impresses, the poor one depresses, conditioning the reader to anticipate inaccuracy, poor understanding, irrelevancy, muddled thinking-all the qualities, in fact, which the experienced examiner has come to associate with the weak or poor response."
And certainly we're not trying to impress we're trying to get information over aren't we?
You make contacts you impress people
to impress people.
Er I think it's just worth mentioning again that it's still on and er I, I think er it is really more important than ever now for us to impress on Chris  what good work we do because er of the changing situation within the industry.
‘I'm glad something impresses you.’
Typical PDLs include Interpress, imPress, PostScript and DDL.
imPRESS -
Some five years ago when I first encountered the system on a trip to America I recall being both impressed and disappointed.
Impressed that the system was so easy to use, so much more intuitive than the conventional CP/M and MS-DOS computers that I was then used to, let alone the minis and mainframes.
Contestants in a beauty contest had only judges to impress with their looks and stance.
Zena had many other, more trenchant critics to impress.
Chen took a deep breath then looked about him at the banks of monitors that filled every wall of the huge, hexagonal room, impressed despite himself.
You don't have little set-pieces or set-ideas you gush out to impress people with.
And I stupidly tried to impress him.
And he gulled, and also impressed, the bystanders by lifting up one of the horse's front hoofs, giving it two or three sharp taps with his knuckles and saying confidently: ‘Right!
Prentice didn't sound impressed.
Much impressed with the continental system of state hygiene, they were determined to implement a similar programme in Britain.
All the children said that Miss Outram had impressed on them not to ‘go home and tell your mothers and make a bother about it’.
Medical staff at the Local Government Board impressed the importance of these discoveries on their local health authorities through a constant barrage of memoranda, visitations and staff consultations.
But the appearance of Howard when he came into the room must have impressed him in spite of himself — the bulging clear blue eyes, the eager lean of the body forward, the anxiety on the face to understand the world around him.
The girls both stare at him, obviously impressed by the scale and force of his concern.
But he's impressed, Howard can tell, by the casual use of expressions like ‘dreck’ and ‘would you believe?’
Howard gazes at Freddie, deeply impressed.
Uniformity is established when certain atmospheric, terrestrial, and any other factors discussed [above]are co-operating, and appears either  because a certain, defined economy makes its impress on the community as a whole, or because a number of different growth-forms are combined to form a single aggregate which has a definite and constant guise.
Although impressed with Clements' views, Tansley eventually challenged the super-organism interpretation of the community (see chapter 11).
Jenny asked him, obviously impressed with his instinctive handling skills.
Adam's natural ability impressed Jenny.
That should impress them.
‘Impressed,’ said Billie.
She hated herself for being impressed and frightened by  London, but she was impressed and frightened all the same.
At times he was so dogmatic that I wanted to laugh, to behave in the traditionally xenophobic, continentals-despising way of my race; at times, rather against my will, he impressed me — not only as a rich man with some enviable works of art in his house.
He nodded, as though impressed, before leaning forward.
Mrs Nowak had impressed her as a strong woman, a woman inclined to fantasy perhaps, but resilient and not inclined to despair.
‘I show you something which  could change the face of your world,’ he said, ‘but it does not impress you.’
He wanted to ask what she had to be tired about, to remind her that this dinner-party was all her idea, and there was no real point to it at all, since they had asked nobody whom they needed to impress.
The Gnomes broke into wide grins at this and said wasn't impressing the thing and Floy in the right of it, and impress was what they'd set out to do and hadn't Floy the way with words?
The Gnomes chimed in, saying to be sure they would, obliging was what they were, and it the best thing of all to be, leave aside impressing, which was just as important.
But then it occurred to him that perhaps the joke was Nicola's and not Blufton's at all, some invention to impress her boss and ensure her succession to Jane Pargeter's job.
‘To impress me, I think.
Sounds just the sort of thing Nicola would have made up to impress Blufton.’
I don't accept your terms, love says; sorry, you don't impress, and by the way what a silly uniform you're wearing.
His capacity for addressing children impressed all who saw it.
The glimpse of Johnson reflecting on the position of Slains Castle in relation to the perilous sea, displays a man with a capacity for the learned mot juste, surely a gift which Johnson polished, having discovered how he might impress with it.
It may be that depredations had occurred before they got to Strichen; Boswell, who had visited fifteen years earlier, clearly expected more from the druidical circle, although whether to impress Johnson further, or to avoid being thought an inaccurate provider of anticipations, is difficult to tell, as he does not expand beyond saying, ‘…
Dunvegan impresses, despite both its grey colour and the obvious architectural tinkerings of the Victorians.
Car Hire is also possible, and a tour round the deserted villages and dramatic marble mountains of the Mani peninsula never fails to impress.
‘From the word go,’ she says, ‘my father impressed on me that there is nothing finer than to beat someone playing well.’
The most common culinary crises were narrowed down to: seduction cuisine — how to cook a romantic dinner to impress; budget cuisine, coronary cuisine, comfort cuisine — for those not feeling on top of the world; spoil yourself cuisine — for anyone on their own; student cuisine; survival cuisine — for those who've never had to cook for themselves before; sports cuisine — for those needing a carbohydrate boost before a sporting activity; trim cuisine — for cooks wanting to entertain but still stick to a diet; creep cuisine — to impress the boss; and finally, oat cuisine — for vegetarians, of course!
Kevin came to the rescue with a meal that certainly impressed, so much so that Pam's husband won the deal!
Glumness apart, he nonetheless would like to be thought of as a comic writer and indeed, though its themes are class, race and sex, what most impresses about The Buddha of Suburbia is that it is full of humour.
I got their programme and went to a lecture by Michel Odent who wrote Entering the World , a book that had really impressed me.
The NCMD should not be regarded as merely a means to obtain sites and impress councils or other bodies.
The strength of loyalty to and interest in the University which you show continues to impress me.
Soon you will be able to impress your friends by using a University of Birmingham Alumni credit card.
At a recent VR lecture tour in Amsterdam, Leary, the founder of multi-media software company Knoware, acknowledged that these are early days for VR (most of the audience were disappointed by what they saw but impressed by what they heard).
Some companies do have genuine offers after April 5 because they've begun a new accounting period and will be keen to impress their investors.
‘We want to impress on people that they are contravening the law if they moor or make fast to navigation aids,’ says Howard Cooper, a spokesman for Trinity House.
They are making this huge investment based on their perception of us and we need to impress on them that we are a forward-looking, cost-conscious business.’
The idea that drinking nablabs was a seriously smart thing to do ant that hordes or women would subsequently fall at one's feet probably looked great on a storyboard but it failed to impress the punters.
He would put on a white overall for the occasion, more to impress the customer than for hygienic reasons, then have a good look at the tooth.
It's just like Blackpool,’ snorts Tim Burgess, the recently demopped Charlatans vocalist, in his classic Brit ‘impress me’snarl.
‘Love Lies Limp’ was a hoot in its day, ‘Life’impressed as a deranged protest anthem and ‘Vibing Up The Senile Man’is still prone to be namechecked.
He wondered, morbidly introspective in the cold light of dawn, whether his decision to see the next murder case through from the call to the scene of crime to the trial had really arisen from a desire to learn or merely from a craven wish to impress or, worse, to propitiate, his staff, to show them that he valued their skills, that he wanted to be one of the team.
The dignified parts "impressed the many" and secured public support so that the system was legitimised, but they did not actually govern or wield any real power.
When she wore 'em into Rugely They impressed the people hugely, While in Fordham folk adores 'em And they loved 'em in West Looe!
Sadat visited the Shah in Teheran in October 1971, and each  man impressed the other with his friendships and strategic views.
This view impressed Kennedy.
The Shah had visited Washington in November 1977, towards the end of Carters election, and the new administration had impressed upon him that although the United States still regarded him as an important ally, the days of unrestricted arms sales, while arrest and torture by SAVAK were ignored by the US, were over, In fact, the Shah had already moderated SAVAK, released some political prisoners and allowed a little more criticism of his government to be expressed, even before Carter's inauguration.
He spoke without notes, and his ability to relate economic changes on one part of the world to political rivalries in another left Carter and his staff greatly impressed.
The petition fee and deposit should be handed to the Supreme Court Accounts Office, Fee Stamping Rooms, who will record the receipt and will impress two entries on the original petition, one in respect of the court fee and the other in respect of the deposit (applies to High Court only).
That's the only chance you get in that one whole year, to impress these people.
Christie offered to abort the baby, impressing the Evanses with his first-aid certificates.
On fragmentary evidence, Daniel impresses as a reasonable and well-educated man, with a typical prospector's irrepressible enthusiasms.
In private an autocrat, Ballinger was popular with the public and its political representatives, whom he impressed with his authority, journalism, and the exhibitions he organized; but, sadly, his lack of humour and austere sense of mission alienated many of his associates and he intimidated his subordinates.
By the end of the war he accounted for thirty-five more spies to complete a wartime record which impressed the general staff and ensured the continuance of his organization into the peace, though on a much reduced basis from his final wartime strength of 800.
To help him recover, he travelled to South Africa in the winter of 1890–1, where he met Cecil Rhodes [q.v.], who greatly impressed him.
Here he gained experience in locomotive building and his ability sufficiently impressed Charles F. Beyer, in charge of the locomotive department, so that in 1842 he recommended Ramsbottom as locomotive superintendent of the Manchester and Birmingham Railway, which in 1846 became part of the London and North Western, of which he was then appointed district superintendent of the north-east division.
The family moved to London in 1897, and Rosenberg was educated at the Baker Street Board School in Stepney, where his natural gift for both drawing and writing so impressed the headmaster that he allowed him to spend most of his time on them.
His poems so impressed Thomas Gee, the owner and editor of the influential weekly Baner ac Amserau Cymru (Banner and Times of Wales) that he invited him to join his staff as a trainee journalist.
Further works at Westminster Palace were entrusted to him in April 1346, and included the final stages of St Stephen's chapel, and he was to impress masons and carpenters for Edward III's expedition against France.
He became impressed with the superiority of the French and Belgian kite-balloons over his own spherical type, reported accordingly to the Admiralty, and was promptly recalled to initiate kite-balloon training at Roehampton in March 1915.
However, he impressed Sir Clements Markham [q.v.], who selected him to command the SY Morning in 1902 to be sent to the relief of the Discovery expedition of Robert Falcon Scott [q.v.].
Within a year he had so impressed Telford that he was invited to become his assistant in London, where he spent the next three years, until his father's illness in the summer of 1824 prompted Telford to send him back to Inverness; two months later his father died.
He became lord lieutenant of Hertfordshire in 1612 and his punctilious implementation of orders from the Privy Council impressed the king, who made him a knight of the Garter in 1624.
He cultivated members of the aristocracy and sprinkled them among his company boards to impress potential investors.
In 1646 his saltpetre scheme impressed the young Robert Boyle [q.v.]and brought patronage from Boyle and his sister, Lady Ranelagh.
Within a few years the increased prosperity of the yard had so impressed John Shuttleworth that he turned the business over to him.
,Hugh (c. 1330–1411), London carpenter, was probably the son of William Herland (died 1375), with whom he impressed carpenters in 1360 for work at Westminster Palace and the Tower of London.
At this time he also impressed fifty carpenters for service in Brittany, and worked on Portchester Castle, Hampshire.
Notwithstanding this heavy responsibility, Herland was still one of the masters charged with repairs at Winchester Castle, and in 1398 was to impress labour for making a new harbour at Great Yarmouth.
On 27 March 1791 he wrote in this capacity to William Pitt, first minister, detailing improvements in the impress system.
The latter so impressed George II that he had it hung on the walls of his apartment, and it was being printed as late as 1821.
He so impressed Kolbe that when the great German chemist, A. W. von Hofmann, professor at the Royal College of Chemistry in London, visited Marburg in 1858 he recommended Griess for a position in Hofmann's laboratory.
His abilities impressed A. C. Headlam [q.v.], principal of King's College, London, who secured lectureships in ecclesiastical history (1905–11) and patristics (1911–18) for him and made him sub-editor (1903–18) and later joint editor (1921–7) of the Church Quarterly Review .
Warbeck's knowledge of the Yorkist court, which impressed contemporaries, probably came largely from Brampton, although there is nothing to associate him with the conspiracy itself.
The man who did the job, thereby impressing Bernard greatly, was Dai Jones, working at the time as a service engineer for domestic appliances.
You could never impress yourself or your own ideas and feelings on to her.
Nor indeed to impress the present upon us with framed photographs of actors and actresses, cricketers and jockeys, the semi-famous sub-world, with duplicated scrawls of spurious well-wishings stamped across their corners.’
It was hard to decide if he was laughing at her or impressed by her performance.
They'd chatted at length about the progression of the public relations arrangements, about the meeting she'd just had with the video expert, and Salvo had appeared impressed at the amount of hours she was putting in.
She was impressing herself with her ability to inject a casual calm into her voice, to compose her features in the darkness of the car.
Maybe it did impress their superiors.
Lehmann, watching, saw how that impressed the young men, but it was only half true.
DeVore took his eye from the lens of the electron-microscope and looked across at the geneticist, smiling, impressed by what he'd seen.
These are all justified by the dramatic context Orpheus's happiness as he sings to the shepherds, his effort to impress Charon, his triumph as he marches off to fetch Eurydice — but they also gave the audience music to remember.
Moreover, Picasso obviously had a more forceful and dynamic personality than Braque, and this had impressed itself strongly on influential critics such as Apollinaire, Salmon and Vauxcelles, with whom he was more friendly than was Braque.
While in Paris Klee saw and admired Cubist works at Uhde's, and he may have known the rapidly growing Rupf collection in Berne, but he remained most impressed by Delaunay's scientific approach to the handling of colour, which fitted in with his own ideas; in the autumn of 1912 he translated some of Delaunay's notes on light for the review Der Sturm.
You must speak to Ruth and impress upon her that she has to come to school.
Whether pupils' behaviour is itself a political statement or not, the aggressive forms impress themselves onto educational politics.
On neither occasion could he say why he had done what he did, nor had he done it in the company of other pupils he wanted to impress.
A number of celebrities had also been invited, chiefly to impress the  journalists.
But the professor showed Davide that the coin was too thick to receive the impress all the way through as goldleaf does, that the engravers had struck both sides independently, with two different dies.
Peel quotes evidence that the raging streamfloods and sheetfloods mentioned above are the exceptions that have impressed themselves strongly on the mind of chance, lucky observers.
Joseph said: ‘Well, just make sure you impress on her that I had nothing to do with any murder and she is not to suggest it.’
This is what I want to impress on her.
Rain said drily: ‘I don't think she's easily impressed.’
Impressed by what he saw, the emperor gave karate his stamp of approval and at once it became very popular.
Mehta's idea for a new Afghan-Soviet treaty comparable to the Finnish-Soviet treaty (presumably meaning the 1948 treaty) which eventually encouraged the withdrawal of Soviet troops from Porkkala is unlikely to impress Soviet officials since the USSR has already signed a bilateral security-oriented treaty with Afghanistan in the form of the 1978 Treaty of Friendship, Good-Neighbourliness and Cooperation.
It was him above all she would be trying to impress by her break with convention — impress in a quite futile way, because it was obvious that he and Clare were permanently attached.
No decision of his was unmixed with  egotism, and an agreeable consciousness of impressing Clare and the rest of the family had made his decision easier.
Such an aspiration prevailed among some geographers at least partly unaware of first, the revival of interest in human activity; secondly, the focus in physical geography research upon the magnitude of human impact; and thirdly, the hazard research that was facilitating closer links between physical and human geography although these links did not impress Johnston (1983c).
In 1904 the Ontario Provincial Geologist, impressed by the quantities of the rare mineral cobalt he had detected in the ores of one locality, Long Lake, put up a post with a board attached bearing the legend ‘Cobalt Station, Temiskamming and Northern Ontario Railway’.
Nor was he much impressed by Amber Epipheny.
The old lady was looking anxious; she belonged to a generation and a class more easily impressed by policemen.
Some passages stood out in his mind with almost photographic clarity, presumably because they had impressed themselves on his mind earlier.
Nor does it carry much information about the clouds to Earth because the clouds fail to impress on this radiation many meaningful signatures.
However, the scattered radiation does carry to Earth signatures impressed on it by the atmosphere above the clouds, and by the 1960s it had been established that this part of the atmosphere alone contained about 1000 times as much CO 2 as the whole atmosphere of the Earth.
‘You had best impress upon the household the need for discretion.
‘They have a job before them, in a place this size,’ Corrary remarked, but he sounded impressed nonetheless.
But it was Hunter-Blair's earlier air of guilt which had impressed Wickham.
Harbury studied their suitably impressed faces.
Chief Executive George Mathewson is delighted with the 8 to 1 seal of approval, ‘It has been a terrific boost to know that the number of customers impressed with our service far outweighs those who have a complaint,’ he said.
I was not alone in being impressed by your contribution to the recent Link meeting with Sir Wyn Roberts.
A seminar held by Lothian and Borders Police in connection with road safety issues involving the older road user revealed that a key element to ensure enhancement of the safety of this group requires guidance to impress upon them the importance of individual responsibility.
His vigour and passion impressed me.
So if we wanted to do some, I mean if you, if you can use that to do mental arithmetic to impress your mates, that's .
Something similar and er they came up to the, the great Pacific engines that came on and they, two of them came down in front of the stage, two of them were just a little bit higher up, and on the stage itself, there were scenes done like the hall in the Grand Central Station, New York and er they were, it was either the Ink Spots or some of these dancers that gave a performance, and it was so well put on that you couldn't help being impressed by
He was, however, immensely impressed by the great number of monasteries and churches.
He impressed me at once, for he was obviously authoritative and efficient.
I was at all times impressed by their standard of workmanship.
In the circumstances, the argument wouldn't impress me if I were a stockbroker."
The result was enormous paper profits for the parent company — Ingard Holdings — which he used to attract investors, and to impress the bank.
Aristos of Salamis in Cyprus, who probably lived in the middle of the third century B.C., is said by Arrian (7.15.5) to have been one of the two historians who not only spoke of an embassy of the Romans to Alexander the Great, but made Alexander prophesy the future greatness of Rome, so impressed was he by the envoys.
They certainly meant to impress the Greek readers with the wisdom of the Jews.
Nothing could impress the Jews of Egypt more favourably than a letter by Judas Maccabaeus in person to the very respected Jewish-Egyptian writer Aristobulus, who will recur in our story.
What impressed me most, I think, was the sheer instantaneousness with which Lorne lost his temper.
I asked, impressed anew by Selina's witch radar.
The composer's liveliness and wit impressed him and, not least, his enthusiasm (unsuspected by Nietzsche) for Schopenhauer: "You will understand how much I enjoyed hearing him speak of Schopenhauer with indescribable warmth, what he owed to him, how he is the only philosopher who has understood the essence of music."
Contact with the man Wagner now kindled an interest in Wagner the theorist and within a few weeks Nietzsche was writing again to Rohde to impress on his friend his high opinion of Wagner's Opera and Drama, a treatise written nearly twenty years before, but apparently now providing Nietzsche's first direct acquaintance with any of Wagner's theoretical works.
Greek tragedy, he impressed on his audience, had been a total art form, a Gesamtkunst (Wagner's slogan, although Wagner's name was not mentioned), to suit an  age of whole men:a poetic drama that made use of architecture (the theatre), painting (scenery and costume), song, dance and music; a drama created amid "perfection and harmony" by "artistic man" , who, at least in the earlier part of the fifth century, the time of Aeschylus, was poet, composer, conductor, producer and actor in one; a drama performed at the communal festival of Dionysus before an audience which brought to the theatre something of the instinctive, rapturous spirit from which, in the Dionysiac celebrations, tragedy had originated in the first place.
Full of admiration and impressed above all by the signs of Nietzsche's originality of mind and literary power, he saw in him a new kind of worker for the cultural cause with which he identified his own ambitions: "Now you must show what philology is for, and help me bring about the grand" renaissance"…
It is true that his late play, the Bacchae (produced in 405 B.C., a year after his death), dealing expressly with Dionysus and the early opposition to his worship in Greece, is to be interpreted as a belated recognition that such opposition is in fact inadvisable: Pentheus, who opposes the god, is destroyed, and the poet impresses on us that Dionysus is too powerful to be ignored.
Woodie, observing their gallant start, longed to lend them his Chart 3 and to impress upon them that there was one competent owner at least at this end of the Reach.
And when I hear that , when you're working you're talking as well and he, he, he was a good talker and, and he, you know, he was a good union, a good clever speaker and he impressed me.
impress me.
Quite what the inhabitants made of that is perhaps left buried in history but it must have impressed Ella for they were married in 1918.
Typically it wasn't the buildings, or the country, that first impressed Eva.
I doubt if I shall meet anyone else in 1982 who will so powerfully impress me as she did."
"Miss Adeane," he murmured, somewhere above her, "if this pose of the sacrificial victim is intended to impress me, I ought to warn you that it does not."
Hocazade confounded Molla Zeyrek, a feat which so impressed Mehmed II that he made Hocazade his Hoca.
Perhaps he was trying to impress you.’
Indeed DNA molecules, whose capacity for storing information has already impressed us, are something close to crystals themselves.
More impressed by a factor of perhaps a hundred million, if that is the ratio between the world population surveyed by our newspapers, and the tribal population about whom our evolved brains ‘expect’ to hear news.
‘Then you must impress us, Mr Frere.
Seized by an impulse of delight, and with an untypical desire to impress, he pushed away again and was suddenly spinning like a top on his skates, arms outstretched.
And how deeply she wished she could feel the confidence impressed upon her voice as she added with forced lightness, ‘Apart from any other consideration, I still have a wet dog to find.’
In the Gulbenkian Report the clear exposition of the idea that the arts mediate between an individual's inner being and the external world, and that this gives an educational role to arts activities in the development of pupil personality, appears to have impressed not only arts educators but almost all those administrators, such as GRIST coordinators, who were responsible for programmes which included an arts element.
‘He is a difficult man to impress.
‘He may have wanted to impress her,’ said Sarah.
As a boy of fifteen he had impressed his father, the Emperor Jehangir, with the taste he demonstrated in redesigning the Imperial apartments in Kabul.
A few days later a group of nobles keen to impress Aurangzeb broke into the quarters where Dara was being kept, a small garden outside the walls of Shahjehanabad towards Nizamuddin.
With a gasp of pleasure, impressed with this firm evidence of Dickensian times, the crowd moved forward to inspect the relics.
‘About half past eight it was,’ she added, impressed by her own powers of recollection.
They weren't out to impress or wield power.
His flute-playing, the vast quantity of bad French poetry he wrote, his friendship with Voltaire (carefully advertised but when put to the test no more than skin deep) impressed many contemporaries and have impressed some historians.
His meticulous performance slightly surprised her; there had been moments when they seemed to have achieved a more casual contact, and he couldn't be still trying to impress.
And he had impressed that print with careful precision — he or whoever it was.
He nods morosely, as if he always knew I would leave him, and he tries to impress on me  that I have to disappear out of sight.
The pistols have impressed the rescue gang.
The warning her anxious mother had impressed on her as they'd waited for Folly's plane at Athens airport had obviously been quite correct.
Her mother had always impressed on her how wonderful the British policemen were, but this would be politeness beyond the call of duty…
He sounded impressed, then spoilt it by lapsing back into the mocking tone of their earlier conversation.
I'd forgotten I had a professional to impress.’
William the Conqueror meant it to impress the rebellious Londoners with his power, as well as protecting them.’
If she was trying to impress Luke with her willingness to play by his rules, acting like a jealous child over what was undoubtedly a business phone call was hardly the way to begin.
Trying to impress his new girlfriend.
But the one thing that does impress itself on you is that he's so very competent .
‘Your grasp of history impresses me, Mr Barnett.
It certainly impressed those of limited intelligence, among  whom may be numbered Crumwallis himself.
But Hilary did not impress Mr McWhirter.
‘Who are these people?’ she giggled, impressed by the melodrama.
I've known women to choose something highbrow to impress me — and sit in an agony of boredom all the way through.
‘Impressed with the glamour?’ murmured Lucenzo, watching her intently.
He might be pretending to help her to save his face in front of Katarina and perhaps to impress her with his kindness.
Then she peered at him over the barrier of her firmly folded arms and expressed a thought that had occurred to her before, but that now she felt impress itself on her even more strongly.
But she was more than just impressed, she was totally overwhelmed.
He had an odd air of being impressed, but quite bewildered.
Greg was first impressed by the handsome face with its lean, almost sunken outlines.
The room itself, however, was perfectly neat, and provided an excellent foil for Gerald Seymour-Strachey, who was no drivelling dotard, but a smart, upright, handsome old man, his clothes admirably cut and suitable for the occasion, his profile cunningly arranged to impress, his mane of white hair, thick and shiny, suggesting intellect and a sense of the aesthetically satisfying.
The fact was, he had not felt in the book the impress of Walter Machin's personality, as he had come to know it — or to think that he knew it.
Tom asked, with a touch of impatience, then added in an aside to Faye and Bill, ‘See, she's so impressed she hasn't even heard me!’
Is it supposed to intimidate me or merely impress?’
Her voice trailed away as a fingertip brushed across the tempestuous curve of her lips, but when Luke bent his head he ignored her mouth, his own swooping to the shadowy centre of her chiffon-covered right breast, there to impress a hard, demanding kiss that sent a pang of piercingly erotic sensation shooting to the core of her womanhood.
I understand it's a common occurrence — Taiwan's greatest beauty brought out on show to impress visiting statesmen.
‘To find out how it worked,’ Florian conceded graciously, but Luke was still the audience he was trying to impress.
Of course, this wasn't simple philanthropy on the part of the malai military, although there was the element of impressing locals and making propaganda with such foreign visitors as there now were, but a tactical requirement.
Naturally, he wanted to impress his colleagues, set up a little frisson, as he'd have put it.
Firing in the square below would not have impressed the President overly.
Kaptan did not look impressed.
This in front of someone I am trying to impress with my good health, my vivacious vitality, my lack of need to be there.
So impressed was Wilcock that he offered to provide a column free for the new paper.
‘The telephones began buzzing with eager contributors’, he wrote three years later in his book Playpower, ‘and what was once my merely exhibitionist impulse to impress a friendly gossip columnist soon gathered its own momentum.’
Neville was interested, and sympathetic, towards the paper, but not deeply impressed.
He looked, too, as though he might be quite hard to surprise or impress.
Then the dragons pop through, as it were, and impress their form on this world's possibility matrix.
‘That doesn't impress me.
Now that does impress me!’
Gina's voice rose in amazement as, uncertain whether to be horrified or impressed, she met his smug expression.
She let her eyes sweep over him, reluctantly impressed at the way his magnificent physique still managed to display itself even under the bulky quilted trousers and jacket.
This program is a must for anyone using a PC at home and will impress dinner guests who always say ‘You simply must let me have a copy of the recipe, the meal was delicious’, you can now print it out in seconds and sell them a copy.
These facilities are sure to impress expert spreadsheet users, especially those with experience of Lotus 123.
These facilities are sure to impress expert spreadsheet users, especially those with experience of Lotus 123.
The speed of the GEM application running under Windows 3.1 will not impress you, even on a 33-MHz 80486 PC!
If the MD asks you What if interest rates drop to 6%, you can use the scenario manager to show how the end result would differ from the figures you have calculated — and throw in a few other interest rates as well, just to impress him/her and make that rise you were after a touch more attainable.
For those not impressed by arcade shoot 'em ups comes this excellent version of the popular outdoor sport.
These facilities are sure to impress expert spreadsheet users, especially those with experience of Lotus 123.
Sussex leg-spinner Salisbury certainly impressed in his debut Test at Lord's, even if he struggled a little on Old Trafford's flat track in the next Test.
Sharp, on trial after leaving French club Auxerre, impressed and is likely to get a contract.
WHEN Boris Yeltsin last visited Britain, one of the things that really impressed him was private health care, not exactly a socialist ideal.
He certainly impressed actress Antonia de Sancha with his athletic prowess.
The keen thespian likens the challenge of reactivating the Pedernales oilfield to mounting a theatrical production — it should impress the audience enough to leave them yearning for more.
All claims provide the opportunity of impressing the client with an efficient service.
She took up the pastime after impressing friends and family when she made an engagement cake for her brother-in-law.
Then there was the reality that yes our three tropical experts had flown through the questionnaire stage and impressed the producer more than sufficiently at the interview stage and they would now be appearing in front of 14 million viewers, battling it out with another team, unknown until the actual day.
Office Cleaning in Edinburgh were recently called upon to mobilise their best regiment to impress the Ministry of Defence.
So as naturally as anything, Judith switched to Spanish and greatly impressed the customer as well as pressing upon him the need to provide proper facilities for his ladies.
If that happens will there be a spark left to impress members of the public?
What has always impressed me enormously about the office bearers and team members I have over the years got to know is that they are never judgemental about those they help, and that, like the members of RNLI boat crews, they go out in all weathers to seek to save life and/or to assist the injured.
What has always impressed me enormously about the office bearers and team members I have over the years got to know is that they are never judgemental about those they help, and that, like the members of RNLI boat crews, they go out in all weathers to seek to save life and/or to assist the injured.
I am deeply appreciative of the input to BNC which came from your partnership's head office, and much impressed by the quality of the documentation submitted.
What has always impressed me enormously about the office bearers and team members I have over the years got to know is that they are never judgemental about those they help, and that, like the members of RNLI boat crews, they go out in all weathers to seek to save life and/or to assist the injured.
What impresses me is that when the causes of this ancient conflict have been forgotten, except by those who have made a study of it, this monument remains, crudely chiselled and doubtless seldom visited, testament to three modest souls who died for what they believed in and who are otherwise lost to history.
Although the girls could be noisy and difficult to discipline they generally observed a neatness in their work habits that continued to impress me.
When I put down the receiver I heard Geoff Tulloch's voice out in the main office, impressing the young women with his irrepressible personality.
After the postcard came he had told them they'd been informed of his death; the official phrase impressed them.
What can you mind what was the first sort of action on Hoy that impressed you cos Well you'd been there all your life you would have really seen the whole process happening.
Trying to impress er  and your your cousin, on my strength you know, young men always try to sh show women of any age, how strong they are.
Told me that at just about the same age, he did the same thing to try and impress the then girl in in the office.
‘Let me go, Alain,’ she ordered as firmly as her trembling would allow, but he was not at all impressed.
‘McAllister?’ he said, looking up, surprised, to impress on her that maid servants, even American ones, were not supposed to quiz the Master when he was at work — should not even originate a conversation with him.
Who had she been trying to impress?
Reginald de Grey reckoned every Welshman a thief and an outlaw, and had his borders patrolled as though against the entire army of France, in great measure creating the animosity and disorder he saw everywhere; and this company might be no more than a routine patrol meant to impress and intimidate on his usual terms.
Even in these towering mountains, its majesty and grandeur impressed.
‘I wish to impress on you that the rules I made in London still stand.
‘And it does not impress you at all,’ he pointed out drily.
‘As it has never impressed me either, you can pretend that I am normal and address me by my name.
‘I'm not at all impressed, Maggie,’ he rasped, filled with unusual rage.
‘I have to admit that she didn't seem overly impressed!’ was the good-natured response.
You seem to have impressed our number-one driver as well, because he too has asked if you could be released to work closely with him for the rest of the season.
‘I have to tell you, you don't know our present subject very well, if you think all the Gothic fripperies are going to impress her.
You could see right away how impressed the judges were!’
This is the sort of trick you'd expect some tinpot holy man to play, trying to impress the credulously.
She giggled suddenly and took another swig from the bottle, carelessly wiping away the champagne that trickled down the sides of her mouth with the back of her hand, in a gesture that proved to this man she wasn't the least bit impressed or intimidated by his overbearing attitude.
Dickens, Shakespeare, Thackeray, Shaw; either he was deliberately out to impress, which she reluctantly doubted, or he really was well read.
Really he's an indoors guy, nightclubs and double brandies and impressing chicks in tank tops with sloppy eyes.
He sounds impressed.
Enormously impressed by this friendly, helpful girl, who didn't seem in the least like most receptionists she encountered, Ellie slid back the registration card, accepted her plastic key, gave one of her funny little smiles, and decided that before going up to her room she'd better try and find Donal.
He is said to have instructed that a castle be built to impress and intimidate the wild Ui Meith who lived in the surrounding countryside.’
Gotta impress ‘em.
Stephen's quick action in marching to head off David of Scotland had impressed most of the barons and the King looked forward to a well-attended Easter court, which would confer upon his kingship the final confirmation of acknowledgement by his nobles.
He didn't appear overly impressed with the scheme.
The Fijian king, impressed with this kind of ‘progress’, offered his country to Washington for annexation.
Although we were wary of being shown set-up situations, the people we met impressed us as having deep convictions, lively minds, tireless enthusiasm, incorruptible moral standards.
We're trying to impress people, remember, not save the
As Cassius remarks when Brutus has impressed the officers of his stoical resolve in accepting Portia's death: ‘I have as much of this in art as you, /But yet my nature could not bear it so’(IV, iii, 192–3).
Did he imagine she'd made a special attempt to impress him ?
‘Don't you recall impressing upon me the importance of giving myself time to make sure —’
‘Are you trying to impress somebody?
We are all impressed by the Gurkhas, and anyone who has visited Nepal and seen them in operation is even more impressed.
May I impress on my hon. Friend that in Plymouth we are tired of waiting what seems like years for land to be released?
When the Home Secretary meets the car manufacturers in March, will he impress on them the seriousness of the situation and consider compelling them to fit such devices as standard, bearing in mind that, last weekend alone, £100,000 worth of damage was caused by car theft in my constituency?
We shall impress both those things on Mr. Shamir.
Will the Secretary of State impress on the Prime Minister the need to raise with Mr. Yeltsin the substance of the conversation that my hon. Friend the Member for Cynon Valley (Mrs. Clwyd) and I had last Tuesday with Mr. Bikov of the Russian Academy of Science?
When my hon. Friend sees the chairman of the Post Office, will he impress upon him the need for absolute efficiency in delivering election addresses from Labour candidates?
Will he also impress upon the building societies involved that they have a duty and an obligation to ensure that people are not evicted from their homes until the compensation scheme can take effect?
I should be a good deal more impressed with the Government's determination to deal with weapons of mass destruction in Iraq if they did not have such questionable record on assisting Iraq to obtain a nuclear capability.
May I impress upon the hon. Gentleman that any case of official error
Firm action over Dubrovnik might impress both sides that European powers or the United Nations really meant business.
The report of my hon. and noble Friend Lady Cumberlege has clearly impressed my hon. Friend.
It equally impressed those who served on the old Select Committee on Social Services.
If the hon. Gentleman is as clever about local government as he is trying to impress us, perhaps we could hear something about local government.
International agreements are the outcome of government negotiating positions which juggle perceived strategic interests, as seen by politicians and civil servants, with those impressed on the government by nationally-organised industrial, military, agricultural, and trade union sectoral interests, as well as scientific and other pressure groups.
The reigning Irish champion has joined the Swift factory this year after impressing in the British series last season.
Ferrin, the Northern Ireland 10,000 metres champion, has been impressing in half marathons recently and although he only finished third at Ballyclare he has the pedigree to sustain a challenge from early in the race.
There you will find Victoria ready to produce everything you need to impress your guests.
Newry defender Errol Lutton, called into the 20-strong Irish training panel earlier this week, has a chance to impress coach Cees Koppelaar, but it's not clear yet whether he will line out for Ireland or for his club!
‘Gary was one of a number of players who impressed me and I'm delighted to have got him,’ said Linfield manager, Trevor Anderson.
Dress to impress in the office
And I am certain he would love to have been given the chance to impress the NIBA selectors as they prepare to pick the side for next month's senior championship in Dublin.
Other youngsters who impressed included Ricky Dunn (MCB), who won the senior boys 100 metres in 11.3 and the 110 metres hurdles in 14.5.
MAS's performance at this stage and at subsequent meetings represents an opportunity to raise the profile of MAS which, if we impress sufficiently, may provide future work for MAS and KPMG in general.
Husky rugged machine had been demonstrated, and had favourably impressed all who were present.
The sheriff's reply sounded clearly in the hushed corridor, impressing the assembled kids and seeming to confirm Grant's claim to be part of an official police operation — if any needed convincing after seeing one of the feared Apostles being dragged unconscious into an empty cubicle.
"The thing that impressed me most was seeing the pros in trouble get out of trouble," he says.
The thing that impressed him least, he says, was the weather.
The Sajudis chairman Vytautas Landsbergis on Jan. 12 dismissed Gorbachev's proposal as a "cheap lie" intended to impress the Western media.
During his visit Kaifu met the leaders of the United Kingdom, France, West Germany and Poland, among others, and, as in later discussions with Jacques Delors, President of the Commission of the European Communities (EC), impressed upon them his resolve to strengthen mutual trade relations.
Shortly after the invasion United States troops, backed up by forces from various European, Arab and Asian countries, were quickly dispatched to Saudi Arabia in an attempt to shield the kingdom from Iraqi assault and to impress upon President Saddam Hussein of Iraq that he should withdraw his troops from Kuwait.
The Guardian of Dec. 7 quoted "Middle East sources" to the effect that Yassir Arafat, chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO), had played "a vital role" in impressing upon Saddam Hussein that "the liberation of the hostages would lead to a wider dialogue" .
Baker, who described his role in the talks as attempting to impress upon the Iraqi government the determination of the 28-country coalition to eject Iraqi forces from Kuwait, said that he had "heard nothing which showed any Iraqi flexibility whatever" .
Tesfaye Gebre Kidan continued to appeal for a ceasefire and to impress on foreign ambassadors his willingness to negotiate with the rebels.
The meeting was the highest-level contact between the two countries since the end of the Korean War, but the USA stressed that it did not represent an upgrading of bilateral relations, but was a one-off event designed to impress upon the North Korean government the importance attached to the nuclear safeguards issue by the USA.
But seriously, Nigel  impresses me.
He impressed our sectional conference and he will impress this conference as well and this only makes me aware that the G M B, not only now, but in the future, will be a leading force in the issues within the British and the European trades union movement.
They know their survival depends on how well they impress.
After all the hard work the businesses put in, were the angels impressed?
I think he impressed the Inter Milan coach as well when they played didn't he?
She knows a lot about detection and things!’ explained Sybil, evidently thinking this would impress.
She was a silly girl, and far too easily impressed by Grunte's elephantine attentions.
her dancing shoe makes all the impress
Three loose hounds were in there; one, she was sure when she got a good look, was a bitch, Wrathful, who had impressed her that memorable day last February.
Impressed by such testimony, Kenneth Lindsay (Parliamentary Secretary to the Board of Education) told the House of Commons on 16 November 1939:
We were so familiar with it that its evils failed to impress us.
On the other hand, people in Britain grew increasingly impressed by the success of the Soviet troops on the eastern front.
Impressed by the career potential and the overt friendliness personified by Helen Rivers (then in staff department, responsible for recruitment) he joined the company.
The tour of the Autocatalyst Plant, the Chemicals Manufacturing unit, our Noble Metals operation and the newly established Metal Joining unit (incorporating the large 850 ton extrusion press) as well as a visit to the Colour and Print operation clearly impressed our visitors.
Impressed
Indeed for me the conference was a great opportunity to meet so many CA staff, whose vitality and unity, in a common cause impressed me.
But I'm sure your flowers will impress the judges of both these competitions.
To impress readers with the extent of the researcher's background reading.
NFC impresses me as a democratically managed organisation.
Books used in the liturgy were holy objects, often encased in jewelled bookcovers, and placed on altars or carried in processions to inspire and impress the faithful.
By its example, and also by its preaching, the church sought to impress these ideas on the laity, including the secular aristocracy.
A learned court was a prestigious court in the eyes of the realm's elites; it impressed Greeks and Muslims too.
The control impressed Nithard, for such exercises, he noted, often ended in real fights.
Perhaps to impress upon Hitler that Spanish claims on Morocco were in earnest, Tangier was incorporated as part of metropolitan Spain on 3 November 1940.
It was only when the Finance Minister, Navarro Rubio, confronted Franco personally, impressed on him the absolute and urgent necessity of devaluing the peseta, and asked him how he would feel if ration cards had to be reintroduced, that Franco reluctantly gave in.
It was designed to impress and overawe by its sheer size: 262 metres long and 41 metres high at its highest point, over the transept.
On the other hand, the pressing need for a dynamic pope to exploit the political vacuum left by the unexpected death of the Emperor Henry VI and the advantages of a third Roman pope in a row may have won over the opposition — and there may have been those impressed by his vigorous views on the papacy's role.
The clothier who wrote in 1760 that high wages made his workfolk "scarce, saucy and bad" was seeking to impress no one, for he entered it in his private diary.
I tried to look impressed.
Gibbs read out the charge: there was a great deal of florid preambling, all about the defence of the realm, and the jurisdiction of the provosmarshal, and the patriotic obligations of the King's subjects to defend the royal allies against the common enemy, most of which Gibbs and Woodruffe had cooked up to impress the French.
The town, a jumble of Jekyll-and-Hyde contradictions, did not impress him.
Ulf, the bishop whose capabilities had so little impressed Bishop Ealdred, had disappeared from view and been replaced at Dorchester by a Saxon, Wulfwig, who was known to be on good terms with Leofric of Mercia.
This seems not to have impressed the Iranians, who the following day attacked Baaquba, near Baghdad.
‘Although Mr Crawford does not impress any firmness of personality on Feste,’ wrote The Times's critic, ‘the comic scenes, with Mr Stephen Moore's Sir Andrew joining whole-heartedly in the romp, are disciplined and not uninventive.’
The significant event is the landing of Goodbody's patrol behind enemy lines in North Africa, where they set up an ‘advanced-area cricket pitch’, for the purpose of ‘morale’ and to impress a visiting military VIP as ‘a small patch of sanity’.
His love affair was with laughter, and it came in Black Comedy when his character, sculptor Brindsley Miller, was improving the look of his shabby flat by ‘borrowing’ priceless porcelain and antique furniture from his friend next door to impress his fiancee's snooty father, who is visiting on the same evening that the supposed richest man in the world is arriving to inspect his sculpture.
Impressed by Michael Winner's astounding ability to create his own Olympic Games in Italy, awed by the facts and figures forming the background to-this mind-boggling undertaking, I remained only fleetingly interested in the people involved.’
And in his best quarterdeck manner, the King impressed on the three party leaders that before they left the palace there should be a communique to end speculation at home and abroad.
I had an hour's talk with him, he impressed me very much; he wishes to do the right thing.
It is here, in a communal context, that gang members (in this case the racist ‘Little Murderers’ and ‘Big Murderers’) put up a front to impress their own members, other gangs and respectable citizens.
And would try to impress their daughters at the jousting.
‘All the ladies impressed us with their charm, their sense of humour and their vivacity.
They are intrigued by the process, interested in the machinery and most impressed by the skills of the people.
Impressed with Stan's success rate Dr Panchen offered to employ him as a collector of specimens for the University using a grant from the National Environmental Research Council.
Impressed by the Method masters' formidable screen and stage presence, Allen left fringe theatre for New York, where he studied at the famous Strasberg Institute (former pupils include Marilyn Monroe and Method's godfather Brando) and worked by night as a doorman at the fashionable club, Nell's,’ to pay the rent’.
Watch for the rich earthy tones of their Etruscan paving, the mosaic patterns impressed on the slab capturing the mood of the Mediterranean.
Melanie Griffith as Tess failed to impress me.
I recall, in my confusion, being inanely impressed by a pop star with enough upstairs to remember his own name.
It was the parasitic nature of the bureaucracy, rather than its class position, that originally impressed Trotsky.
I knew I'd overdone the garlic in the Rogan Josh because I'd been trying to impress Zaria.
It didn't impress Prentice one bit.
She looked impressed.
I'm bowled over by the logic and impressed with the religious zeal.’
Black, because it had been burned a thousand years ago; it still showed the shape of the face impressed upon it.
Although the college had been admitting female students in recent years, its outward appearance still succeeded in impressing the visitor with its austere and indefinably masculine grandeur.
But she wanted to impress upon the porter the existence of an appropriate form of address that did not reveal a woman's marital status.
And she would enjoy impressing him  with what she had managed to find out about Hugh Puddephat so far.
He did not want to, but on the other hand…it might be taken for romantic, it might impress.
‘Impressed?’
Contact with famous name international firms undoubtedly encourages local manufacturers, impressed by the demonstration effect of the success of prestigious foreign firms, to consider seriously the uses they could make of the new technologies.
It also impressed his sister, who quietened down and looked at him with new respect.
They were delighted and impressed by the Medau demonstration, which inspired a visit to the Medau Summer School held at Cromer from which they returned full of praise for those bodies in blue tunics!
But a member of the cynical tendency jeers that after all this brouhaha, a Prime Minister who's obsessed with political safety, will only allow minor pain, though back benchers will be encouraged to squeal so as to impress the markets.
The Emperor Constantine, impressed by the city's possibilities, transferred the Imperial seat of government there in A.D. 330 and began to build a great new city which he called New Rome.
After the sack of the city in 1239 the cathedral fell into decay until the seventeenth century, but even in this ruinous state greatly impressed travellers of the period.
‘I don't drink Guinness,’ I lied, secretly impressed.
It is even possible that Gloucester's claims of another plot against him were intended not only to justify Hastings' removal but to impress the council with the gravity of the situation and make them more disposed, not less, to back Gloucester's leadership as the one hope of stability in a worsening political climate.
‘This is your house?’ asked Patterson, impressed.
Werewolf and I looked suitably impressed.
‘That's very good, Tel,’ I said, genuinely impressed.
Werewolf looked impressed too.
Lined up, and obviously well serviced, were a small tractor, a ride-on lawn-mower, a small white Citroën AX with French number plates (presumably to impress the odd Frog estate agent) and, at the end of the line, a blue Shogun four-wheel with metallic paint job.
It was working perfectly back in Manchester, when you had it going up and down at the traffic lights to impress those schoolgirls.’
Beryl's words had impressed him at the time because they summed up his own vague feeling that what had happened and what was happening might be consequences of the old man's cynical, even malicious contrivings.
It's just like Blackpool,’ snorts Tim Burgess, the recently demopped Charlatans vocalist, in his classic Brit ‘impress me’snarl.
‘Love Lies Limp’ was a hoot in its day, ‘Life’impressed as a deranged protest anthem and ‘Vibing Up The Senile Man’is still prone to be namechecked.
‘It shows that students can reach standards of excellence that are capable of impressing the most critical judges.
Computerised telephone systems and front of house systems can be installed in any size hotel, and as well as impressing your guests, they will make life easier for you and your staff, as  managing director of Interconnect Led, explains.
A guest in the newly opened Grand amsterdam was surprised and impressed by breakfast service.
This is a very serious matter as, whether rightly or wrongly, it is the number of heads which impresses the Sports Council when issuing grant.
In an earlier case, Computer-Aided Systems (UK) Ltd. v Bolwell (1989), the mere fact that a new program had file compatibility with an earlier program written by the same people failed to impress the judge who considered the plaintiff's application for inspection of the defendant's program to be nothing more than a "fishing expedition" .
The children must have impressed upon them the need for personal cooperation within the classroom as essential to the variety of learning situations with which they will be faced.
Does it seek to persuade, command, inform, satirise, impress, amuse?
The romanizing aspect of Merovingian ideology seems not to have impressed Gregory.
Gregory himself did not doubt the efficacy of the saint, but clearly Leudast and his supporters were less than impressed by the bishop's special relationship with his supernatural patron.
Where non-European states and rulers were concerned there were still sometimes considerable efforts to impress by ostentatious display and pompous ceremonial.
A hundred years earlier such an expedient might well have been used to impress envoys from some European state; but by the later eighteenth century it showed merely that the Indians were exotic visitors from outside the European diplomatic system who might be influenced by such essentially childish devices.
Under the title A Description of the Rural Clergy, the book circulated widely in Russia and impressed important people.
Bevin, impressed by Soviet intransigence during the foreign ministers' conference at the end of 1947, decided that the time had come for a more overt display of Western unity.
Dulles, too, seemed more impressed than Eisenhower by the British arguments, and did not always hide his anti-Nasser bias.
Er, I think for management purposes and for presentation purposes, we will erm, presentation  but certainly in terms of our accounts erm, we have no option but to exempt the giving interest receivable but to erm, impress you with the modesty of our, of our interest and therefore how good our interest cover is.
Right, so by looking at the graph, I am just trying to impress upon you that structural change cannot always be spotted simply by looking at the data  right, anyway, let's now  move on to estimate our first model.
as visiting generals looked impressed
One of Ken's aunts had come up in the world and arrived at the cemetery wearing a fur coat which was donned purely and simply to impress the other members of the family.
For all his sophistication, he was still a boy from Leicester and Ken saying outrageous things impressed him greatly.
‘That is true,’ said his hearers, impressed.
But the customers need to remain impressed.
We could all sit in a row behind your big table; impress the gravity of the situation upon him.’
National styles in music can be powerful, especially when the listeners of one nation are presented with music so powerfully impressed with what they perceive as the style of another.
Mark Kelly seems to have impressed everyone who saw him play this preseason, I hope he get's his chance to prove himself, Ireland could do backup for Dennis Irwin at right back (cue the flames for mentioning a Scum player)
Others who impressed included David O'Leary.
Im impressed with the Leeds one though…specially with the fanfare (was/is that at the start of the real record (Eye of the tiger)?).
in fact im not impressed with the guy at all: 1 simple tap-in in five games (and some good passes).
Midfielder who impressed in his first year at Elland Road making several reserve outings and being rewarded with a professional contract.
Beaney continues to impress, his handling in the area is sound, although he wasn't really tested by any shots.
Anyway Ronny scored a couple of goals in this match and was given 6 out of 6 point in Dagbladet and 9 out of 10 in VG so his form has to be excellent at the moment — i guess he will impress Ardiles and/or Wilko.
Other non-Leeds players who have impressed me are Terry McDermott when with Liverpool in late 70's and Jeremy Goss of Norwich this season.
Of course there are always the one-off wonders, but it's the guys who do it consistently who impress me.
impressed
Not exactly impressing with all the chances which comes to you in the english league’ frank says.
He din't really impress me, but — The Leeds team of the time had a great defence, I don't think Best ever scored against Paul Reaney, who he regards as his most difficult opponent.
Im not impressed — he hasnt lived up to the hype.
Gary Kelly continues to impress too, though he missed probably the best chance of the night — he broke out in the middle of the pitch, was charging down with only Rik to beat when he nudged the ball just too far at the moment he should have shot past him.
Is it true you've got just three minutes to impress and is it a skill that can be learned.
However, my Presidency has impressed upon me the Sea-Change in recent years of governmental policy as it affects University and College finances.
Greenpeace's atmosphere campaigner, Steve Elsworth, has warned that the plan was "carefully calculated to impress domestic opinion in Britain" .
Yet the living results of natural selection overwhelmingly impress us with the appearance of design as if by a master watchmaker, impress us with the illusion of design and planning.
The purpose of this book is to resolve this paradox to the satisfaction of the reader, and the purpose of this chapter is further to impress the reader with the power of the illusion of design.
In this chapter, I shall develop a particular factual example that I believe would impress any engineer, namely sonar ( "radar" ) in bats.
But I do remember being impressed by the various fathers who came home on leave and the colourful uniforms they wore, more especially those who wore the "maternity jacket" of the Royal Flying corps.
I think what impressed me most about Heywood was his absolute control of his crew and, in particular, his assurance that he was the boss, despite his tender years and meagre experience.
You will appreciate that before Contracts can be exchanged I must have the insurance company's acceptance of your life proposals showing that your ages have been admitted and when you visit the Bank on Friday no doubt you will impress upon them that you are under pressure to exchange Contracts for your purchase and ask them to expedite the issue of the life acceptance as soon as possible.
(c) Position conflicts: the position you take in one piece of litigation may be at odds with the position you want to take in a subsequent action (for example, in advancing the cause of a plaintiff you may adopt a position that puts you in difficulty with some defence clients who are less than impressed with the vigour with which you espouse the plaintiff's cause).
A rubber stamp of these headings, which you can impress on the last sheet of your notes on title and each of which you then tick or mark appropriately, saves undue strain on your memory.
Evershed MR said that "the plaintiffs took no steps whatever…to impress upon anybody that there was here any important secret which they desired to preserve" .
3 Whether the employer impressed on the employee the confidentiality of the information Thus, though an employer cannot prevent the use or disclosure merely by telling the employee that certain information is confidential, the attitude of the employer towards the information provides evidence that may assist in determining whether or not the information can properly be regarded as a business secret.
It has impressed  but it has to have the right tools  if it is going to provide  the safety that councillor  referred to and the saving of life which was referred to by councillor .
But nonetheless, I think we as county councillors can be proud of the fact that we have set a spending target for committees, we are prepared to allow the officers to manage their departments inside the targets that have been set, and that does mean that they have to look at er, what they're spending and create priorities, and and I as a councillor am not in the least bit impressed by arguments that paper clips have increased by five and a half percent this year, and that felt l er pe felt line erm, pens have gone up by seventeen and a half percent, I think that's largely irrelevant consideration, we're not in the business of projecting budget, we're in the business of providing money to deliver high quality services to the people of Wiltshire.
I have be very interested to hear about the recent developments and most impressed at what's taken place, but er, I would like to ask about the international work, which I understand has been reduced.
He said, impressed by the growing co-operation between so many businesses and their local communities.
And he spent two days trying to impress this upon Forbus and Forbus went back to Arkansas and did exactly what he said he was going to do.
Yeah he doesn't really try to impress her he makes things worse I think
It was the way he was erm  as well  out of his way to impress them  so but they just, well you  might help
An important point here is that existing school staff may have little experience of using microcomputers for information retrieval and the school librarian needs to impress the staff by her/his ability in using the microcomputer.
The Labour Party rebuff had impressed the ILP leaders with the difficulties of maintaining contact with the Labour movement while allied with the Communist Party.
‘Does it impress you?’
‘Impress me?
But she went on, ‘People like you don't impress me with your conspicuous wealth.
‘I mean it impresses people.’
It wasn't as if she really needed it, as if there was anyone she wanted to impress…
However, now that the papers had been reporting the recent news of her husband's return from Australia — apparently determined to impress his name and tough personality on the City of London — it was obviously about time that she came to a decision about her future.
She gazed around her, impressed in spite of her unease and her determination to appear indifferent.
Steve breathed, impressed, as they trundled up the last stretch of drive after the gates had clanked shut behind them.
‘Quit using those big words to impress people,’ when she hadn't been aware she was using big words.
You showed me all your rich man's toys — the cars, the plane, the palace — and none of them impressed me.’
I'm innocent and I'll prove it!’ she burst out passionately, but Travis didn't look impressed.
‘Who are you trying to impress?’ she asked sarcastically.
In an attempt to impress, he would resort to extravagant gestures or issue bombastic claims — though these were restricted to his close circle of intimates.
Simon liked to impress, and having a girlfriend who was considered to be a high achiever gave him extra kudos.
‘In a taxi!’ said the girl, impressed.
Jack watched him for a moment, impressed, then winked at her and strolled off, whistling.
At first she tried to be as quiet as possible as she began preparations for lunch, but after a few minutes gave up and worked normally, deciding to impress the moody Dr Vaughan by making dumplings to top the soup.
Do you make offerings in front of it on Midsummer's Eve?’ asked Leonora, impressed.
Edward looked impressed.
He was talking about his uncle and gradually she realised that his words were meant to impress her.
In fact,’ she went on when she could see that he didn't seem overly impressed, ‘in fact, my parents are expecting me home today.’
Junaid Hartley, Jethro Mohlala and Abel Shongwe have come from South Africa to try to impress Swindon Town.
This is what impressed us when we interviewed him.
That didn't impress John Jones from Risbury in Herefordshire, who's waiting for an operation on his knees.
He'd hit just 14 in his first three innings ofthe season — so was due this one to impress the England selectors and the tourists themselves
Inside the great marquee, Mattocks roses from Nuneham Courtenay in Oxfordshire have impressed the judges with their display, winning them a gold medal — they're not quite sure, but they think it's the 20th they've won at the show.
This kind of approach as custodian of the countryside can only impress the green lobby — but the higher cost of organic farming means tight financial pressures on those who practice it.
The thing that alwaysd impressed me was his ability to stay calm when the going got tough
And fashio event — for those who are here dressed to impress…
These international visitors don't want to shock, only to impress…and give the Oxford crowd something of a fairy tale ending.
They were a wonderful group who impressed from the time they came in.
He say: We would impress on the public this is the second attack…we would like them to come forward with whatever information they've got.
He's not impressed with the Lamont-Gregory briquette which he says is not the consistency the British market expects and adds that Indonesia and Brazil are already using a similar technique.
The invention has impressed organisations helping the deaf.
The invention has so impressed the judges of the Toshiba Year of Invention Competition, that Richard has reached the final 20, out of more than 4,000 entrants.
Not only were the players out to impress during yesterday's televised match at the County Ground, but police say the hooligans were too.
The last boy says he's not impressed because he doesn't like vegetables.
Portadown came more into the game and their backs impressed with some with some sharp running and passing, but the Ards tackling was sound.
McKibbin is due to enter hospital for an operation on his hand, while Barrett has impressed in pre-season training.
He said: ‘Inside the ring he impresses you with his style and his marvellous technique.
OMAGH TOWN 0 CRUSADERS 3 OMAGH TOWN'S cross border midweek raid for Bohemians pair Lee King and Joe Lawless, and Limerick's Noel King, failed to impress unbeaten Crusaders at St Julian's Road.
‘Not impressed’
What impresses more about this Nissan is its handling ability.
Whizzkid chimp fails to impress the City
Results fail to impress
Of all the contenders Armiger is certainly best placed to impress, as he is already a Group One winner and was among the favourites for the Derby until injury forced him out of the Epsom showpiece.
Molby, 30, can move nearer his ambition of an international recall by impressing Denmark manager Richard Moeller Nielsen during Liverpool's televised Anfield clash with Blackburn Rovers.
‘Shearer is a player who's always impressed me,’ said Souness.
Noel Bailie: one of the Linfield players who impressed Benny Johannsen during his spy mission
Molby, 30, can move nearer his ambition of an international recall by impressing Denmark manager Richard Moeller Nielsen during Liverpool's televised Anfield clash with Blackburn Rovers.
‘Shearer is a player who's always impressed me,’ said Souness.
He said: ‘Inside the ring he impresses you with his style and his marvellous technique.
Virginia Bottomley: Fails to impress.
Impressed
Matthew Casson, 14, was chosen as one of only six finalists in the North of England in the Sainsbury's Future Cooks Awards after his winning recipes impressed judges.
Gehan Mendis had fallen to Mark Ilott's second ball of the day, with the left-armer also hoping to impress Gooch before the England captain joins his fellow selectors on Saturday night to pick the team for next week's Second Test against Australia.
Reed has taken his chance to impress and win the place that might have gone to England's Wade Dooley, who has returned home after the death of his father.
‘Kenny's contributions and success at Crewe impressed us greatly and he also has a reasonable knowledge of the local non-League scene.
Ex-union boss stole cash to impress his friends
MY party of visitors to the new Museum of Liverpool Life were less than impressed with the Brookside exhibit.
Brynamlwg hope that student's Dominic Farr and Vijen Patel can bolster the batting against visitors Gwerinwyr while spinner Khabar Abbas also gets a chance to impress.
John Major…impressed
Dave Morpfee again impressed as he bagged 3–33 to set up Bangor for a response of 111–5, Hefin Lewis, Andy Savage and John Parry all scoring 23 as Ruthin's John James pocketed 4–29.
Joanna Mahony impressed with a class under-17 400m hurdles win in 44.2 seconds, as did her Wirral colleague Sophie Cocker and Sefton's Helen McNamara in a fine senior 400 metres race won by Sophie by one-fifth of a second in 57.4 seconds.
Leonard was in a chirpy, ‘play anywhere for a Test match’ mood, saying: ‘Every game on tour gives me and others the chance to impress.’
And just in case any men out there still need to be convinced that cleanliness is next to Robert Redfordness, how about the tale of a friend of mine who was desperate to impress a woman he had been pursuing for weeks.
ON Monday night in London four of Darlington's brightest bands appear at the highly trendy Orange Club in West Kensington, hoping to impress a crowd of business executives.
Elizabeth Couzins offers wet pulp, textured Icons; Dionne Inglis provides a complex wall relief that contrasts Modern versus Classical and Jack Lever impresses rope into the wet paper pulp to produce both the corrugated orange Beyond and the turquoise circle Whole.
So impressed was it with the Darlington operation that it also adopted the design of the questionnaire and the logo.
‘There is a possibility he could sign for us, depending upon a full recovery and whether he impresses manager Alan Murray.’
Boro have agreed a fee of around £300,000 should Gittens impress in a hectic cup and League programme.
With Crosby looking to offload a number of his professionals before the deadline the players have an ideal opportunity to impress potential buyers.
Calvert's Ruffside Rock, which has also impressed at Sunderland, has been drawn in trap one for the March Puppy Stakes, over 460 metres, and the danger looks like being Shawfield-based wind runner Cocoa Powder, out of trap four.
But he has now linked up with Scarborough and has impressed McHale during training and in the 2–2 friendly draw at Hyde United on Monday night.
McHale revealed: ‘Basically, it's down to them to come here and impress.
The Posh are making a strong promotion challenge and their experienced, hard-running side knocked Liverpool out of the Rumbelows League Cup and impressed in defeat against Middlesbrough.
Boro did not impress against Bristol.
Boro did not impress.
Ferguson moved to Kuwait, where he first met and impressed Crosby, who was just embarking on a coaching career.
Visitors to Bowes can see the Silver Swan go through its ‘elaborate motions’ twice a day as 12.30pm and 4pm, just as it impressed Mark Twain more than a century ago.
Manchester City were just one of the clubs impressed by his aggressive style a style which helped dump the Frist Division side out of the Rumbelows League Cup and FA Cup at Ayresome Park.
And he admits to being impressed by new housing partnerships between the public and private sectors on projects which could not have been built without the co-operation of both parties.
‘We found it was very easy to come up with agreements that said nothing, but would impress the folks back home and the media,’ said Mr Goodwin.
The way local people used the facilities at Kirkleatham Hall School for pupils with learning difficulties impressed the assessors.
Meanwhile, spitting passengers on the Tyneside Metro and a beggar bothering passers-by in Durham did not impress Mr Gregory, who travelled incognito to check up on politeness.
She won her place after impressing the charity with an essay about herself and how she could benefit others.
The pair impressed at the British Association Science Fair with their geology project.
But clearly those who don't impress him will be out of the door.
Keegan said: ‘I've told players that if they are not in the first team here they can always impress somebody else.’
Reed, 16, is the latest product of the Quakers' youth policy, and has impressed Hankin in youth and reserve games.
The trialist is with Scarborough for the rest of the campaign and is keen to impress manager Ray McHale in a bid to earn a contract.
So far no party has really impressed Jim but he will vote for the Tories on April 9, more to keep Labour out than the Conservatives in.
‘I have impressed on the Home Office the importance of getting more police officers into urban areas of the county like Darlington,’ said Mr Fallon.
A precise, poignant production of the last play in John Byrne's trilogy impresses Joseph Farrell
As always they will go to businesses and organisations whose support for various aspects of the arts throughout 1992 has most impressed the ABSA judges who get down to the business of sifting through hundreds of entries early next month.
Then those companies which impressed the judges will be justifiably lauded for their efforts.
On the other hand, the Diary was less than impressed to get such a list from one of Scotland's newer agencies detailing containing one horrendous spelling error.
When it comes to the S-word we are all experts, whatever Margi Clarke may say, and we defy even the great Ken Branagh to impress us.
What most impressed Best about Scotland's showing was their lineout play.
Grant impresses
‘Our visit has impressed us with the skill and the quality of our soldiers, and with the risks they run.
The scene at the offices of BAeSEMA, the hi-tech computer design group, may have been more like a Blue Peter set than a serious example of the latest in navy design, but Adml Eaton appeared suitably impressed.
NADIA KARMALI, a 12-year-old exchange student from British Columbia, has not taken long to impress her teachers and fellow pupils at St Mary's School, Melrose.
Its determination to change the emphasis of the company from the traditional — and successful — red meat business to the unknown area of quality meat products impressed the judges by its bravery.
‘It was a very big figure to come out with right at the death and probably didn't impress the institutions,’ he added.
In spite of the 190bhp power output capable of taking the little car from standstill to 60mph in under seven seconds and on to double the UK speed limit, it is that smoothness and flexibility that impress rather than the muscle.
While existing premium products were considered adult they were, says Bartle, thought to be all about formal occasions, badge values and impressing others.
Stewart made just one error with the gloves on a day of sweat and toil — failing to hold a difficult leg-side catch offered by Aravinda DeSilva on 74 off Devon Malcolm — but also impressed with the handling of his bowlers.
It has been Matthaeus and the older heads who have impressed in recent months, however.
Doddie Weir may have to impress at training today to force his way in among the forwards, who held a lineout session with assistant coach John Jeffrey at Happy Valley last night.
The 6ft 7in Trinidad strike bowler impressed Love when playing for Harrogate last season and the paceman is almost certain to feature in next month's warm-up games against Durham.
It's all about trying to impress.
One boy has been caught pinching his classmates' property; stealing to impress his pals.
The ideas and concepts of the prison structure in Scotland — outlined in a speech at the conference by Alan Walker, the deputy chief executive of the SPS — so impressed a Latvian delegation that they wrote to Scotland's Minister of State, Lord Fraser of Carmyllie, asking his permission for Walker to visit the country.
The point of the delegation is to impress upon er selected countries, the importance which a representative group like Chogram Chogram believes er is important.
It will have nothing to do with the lecture but simply to impress those that my vocabulary is very wide.
Although I remained  resolute that my partnership with Charlie would come to an end the moment I was offered a place at university, I still believed that with his energy and drive, combined with my level-headed approach in all matters financial, we would surely have impressed my father and perhaps even Granpa Charlie.
An hour later, Joffre's second-in-command, General de Castelnau, arrived with three other generals to impress upon him the urgency of the situation at Verdun.
During the worst weeks of the Verdun fighting, de Castelnau impressed Colonel Repington (the elephantine Times correspondent who, in between the purveyance of social tittle-tattle from one dining table to another, was a fairly astute military critic) on his way to dine at the Ritz, with the words: ‘Rather than accept slavery at German hands the French race would die upon the battlefield.’
One of them was a thoughtful, gangly young man called Charles de Gaulle, who, so impressed was he by Pétain's teachings, applied on leaving St. Cyr to join the regiment then under his command, the 33rd.
The stonewall defence, the deadly concentrated firepower of his troops in the retreat from the frontiers, and then at the Marne, impressed friend and foe alike.
Before the offensive began he had tried in vain to impress this upon his superiors.
On returning, dazed and impressed by the sheer ineffectualness of man amid this inferno of mat–riel, Jubert wrote humbly:
When there was a party, it often ended in the complete sacking of the local hotel; which simultaneously shocked and impressed the more orderly French pilots.
Surprise, being impressed: You were  first  All of them
But he could face competition from a young North Wales amateur who impressed Robins' boss Brian Flynn in a 3-2 Midland Senior League win over Tranmere Rovers yesterday afternoon.
The Rosenborg left back played in an A-team game this week and has impressed boss Graeme Souness.
However, with Grobbelaar approaching full fitness after his hamstring injury, and James determined to make his mark at Liverpool, Hooper knows he'd have to impress in order to keep his place in the team.
‘Even when I'm playing in the reserves it's a chance to impress,’ he said.
However, with Grobbelaar approaching full fitness after his hamstring injury, and James determined to make his mark at Liverpool, Hooper knows he'd have to impress in order to keep his place in the team.
‘Even when I'm playing in the reserves it's a chance to impress,’ he said.
Dave Kennedy, Wirral council's deputy director of housing and environmental protection, said the project had impressed top civil servants in the Department of the Environment.
Bruce Grobbelaar is still fighting to shake off a hamstring strain in time for tomorrow's Anfield clash with Middlesbrough, but manager Graeme Souness could be tempted to continue with Mike Hooper, who impressed against Spartak.
Mr Major wants to impress on President Delors the importance of the Commission exercising its authority over the Gatt crisis.
Perkins, 17, schoolboy son of Burscough boss Russ, impressed Stoke manager Lou Macari and is all set for another week in the Potteries over Christmas.
The youngest person on air is thirteen-year-old Kate Johnstone, who so impressed the team with her views on relationships that she was asked to star in front of the cameras.
Mind you, we did have a little exotica in our small North Harrow branch [apart from Molly, Betty etc. at the Christmas party]; there was Swiss Knorr's French Onion soup for the daring housewife, and if a customer really wanted to impress her dinner guests, then we had small tins of pâté de fois gras.
One thing which did impress  was the cleanliness of everything.
And the improvements it has produced at the Bridgwater, UK, company, which makes high technology flexible packaging material, have already impressed several key customers.
It has a modern bistro feel, and in a short time catering manager Debbie Ferrie and her staff have impressed with their food.
The facilities, which include a gymnasium and recreation rooms, certainly impressed CCG's Mike Farquharson, who mobilised operations in October of last year.
Pip has never really thought about his features until this point and from then on wants to be a gentleman because he has instantly fallen in love with Estella and wants to impress her, and make her love him.
A member of the Drayton class who was attending ante-natal classes demonstrated to other participants the best way of standing up after floorwork, and greatly impressed the class tutor.
The proceedings were watched by Michael Crook, principal Adult Education Organiser for Norfolk, along with other AE officers, Peter Softly of Norwich Sports Council, mentioned particularly how impressed he had been by the day.
What seemed to impress Audrey most, however, was not a dance at all, but a wonderfully rhythmical performance by a Nepalese drummer using his hands and feet to beat his nine drums.
is Head of Department at the London College of Dance and Drama at Bedford and impressed everyone who experienced her sessions at last year's Movement and Dance Day in the Eastern Region.
Even though she feared him, she respected him and was always trying to impress him.
Erm  asking for permission to put their names forward  and from the, the few letters we had  the, this was  that we thought was the whitest knights  in terms of Geography  in terms of sex  in terms of I wouldn't say intelligence, perhaps I should try to impress them!
Well personally I mean  erm  Margaret impressed me greatly but I think  John was  inclined to be full of his own importance for one thing.
Well  impressed with
Impressed?
She, probably try and impress on us how hard she worked.
I mean, it looks nice it's  see I'm impressed with her  I must admit, impressed with her.
Try to impress.
Well do you think this really impress er Lisa?
She got herself a job in Reading college, she got somebody to take her down there and  a place to get an English A Level, and Mary said it's a thing with her she wants to get this English A Level cos her father had one and she feels that is she could get and English A Level it would impress him, he, she spends her life trying to impress her father who doesn't really takes much notice of her,.
Wasn't me , best impressed!
cos your not impressed are you?
oh of course, he's got to impress hasn't he?
were, were you impressed by Rich, were you impressed with Sarah's, sorry with Lorraine's immaculate humour?, but I'm sure you're more impressed with her immaculate assets
Not always, not always impressed but he was er
Oh and if he said it once well he said it half a dozen times  trying to impress me.
Well I don't know whether this will like impress Win when he gets in.
well impressed.
It's good, it's got a ca , well impressed!
cos  to be really eager because  she said erm  that she'd asked the bloke about staying on permanently and everything  and he said that it seemed the people who they were most impress impressed with after Christmas that can stay on permanently  so we said on the end, you've gotta be really eager and everything  so she apparently was asking loads of questions
I didn't see Willie impressing the new girl.
He just, he, I think he just tries to impress people you know.
The Father came out this morning to say that the hall could, one of the first things Father told him was that the hall couldn't be insured, I mean it even staggered erm  Doris , cos she's not heard of that before, impressed, I don't know what impressed is, but
Impress on them that you don't wanna come out with it short.
It's where  to pay to money, and you're having to go to the bank manager, what would he ask for? the business plan, and you'd have to draw that up and do all the  and you have to impress the bank manager before he will even consider an overdraft facility, or whatever, a loan.
Yeah because the document's going back to Shanghai and he wants to impress
Um Thomas Carlisle um wen was very much impressed by the work of people like Wordsworth and Coleridge because they were just a bit before him and he actually went and met Coleridge.
Erm the gentleman who took us round who was excellent er what impressed me was the fact that it was no sort of straight patters one gets with guides you know when you go round these places.
Well yes and they were it was you know the What impressed me also you know what it's like when you go to these places I can remember going not so long ago to Blenheim and er just about to examine something and this thundering voice coming down the hallway, Do not touch.
You've always been dependent on other people, being impressed with what you've done, or the, before you've got any pay rises.
The recommendations are contained in section five and five one C effectively impress the assistance of Policy Committee in addressing the need to sustain at least the current level of spending of three point nine million on these small but vital schemes throughout the period of the medium term plan.
That's it an approved credit guideline and er that is the problem at the moment that the approved er credit guideline for the non T S G schemes is really insufficient and is having to be propped up er from elsewhere within the budget, your Chairman yesterday met with the er gentleman er the suited gentleman from Bedford and, and er having er given them appropriate cups of coffee er, impressed upon them that the er the one point two was really insufficient for one or two million er, er credit approvals was really insufficient for the needs of Suffolk and er they went away did they not Chairman saying that they er appreciated the point whether you had success or not or perhaps to er wait until December?
and what I was a really impressed with  he, he balanced the, the human, what he felt were the human strengths of the school  what it felt like  you know, what the people were like in it  and erm  I think that's made his decision  more difficult  because he hasn't just gone on  the ec the academic side of it  he looked at the, the all round  aspects of it.
Cos I think he's sort of realized now that nobody's particularly impressed by him taking six grammes and  twelve Es at once and going oh I took six grammes of  and twelve Es at once and I was really fucked.
Erm he, he said oh yeah she'll do that cos someone cool will come and she'll want to impress them.
No he's, he's, he's just out to impress people, I mean he looks around to see if you're watching him  and he'll erm  no, yeah he's acting the whole time, I don't really, I don't know if he knows who he is you know?
because of a girl, I really think he's loyal in that way, in that sense, because they are very close  they have a laugh and I know when we're with them they're always like seem to be impressing everyone but I'm sure when they're together they have like, you know,human conversations , they must do, they can't always be talking about  screwing and  you know, which girls have got big tits and all that
Like   in the derm , I mean the dorm, dorm  and she goes  oh I'm going out with Tim   are you impressed .
No I wasn't, no I wasn't in the least bit impressed with it.
You know, that does nay impress me a lot.
and they were such a load of dicks when we first met, you know, and they're just like trying to impress all the time  and now I mean you've been here for, what, a year and, year and a bit and
He said, he's not impressed, and er, I think the idea that go   at a meeting today,
The project has impressed the building workers.
Arsenal hold the Maceeter trophy but were watched at Wolves last week by Vengloss , keen to impress on his first test in English football.
But he must be all too aware that it won't impress the Soviet citizens facing economic crisis, and waiting in the food queues, nor will it immediately resolve the ethnic problems which beset him.
Clearly, her first attempts at national reconciliation have impressed no-one.
What impressed me was the design was great, but the objects, the books as things.
Like very many other people, and this theme runs right through the length of European intellectual life, Russell was, he was delighted with mathematics when he first encountered it, erm immensely impressed by the certainty of its propositions, as so many other people had been, erm troubled a bit by the logical inadequacy of much of the mathematics that he was presented with, especially at Cambridge, and investing mathematics with a kind of Platonic aura.
