Alderson is revealingly described: ‘poor old John Alderson [has]gone careering off the rails,[and is]now shacked up with the liberal party…an intellectual liberal reformer with radical ideas [whose]philosophical mumbo jumbo, often incomprehensible, and not very original, did nothing to impress’.
Still, it impresses the grant-givers, without whom…’
Hopeless to try and impress you with my slender collection of classical music.
Some people impress by what they do, others by what they say, yet others by what they are.
This so impressed the then president of the Canadian branch of the Anglo Jewish Association that he invited the young man, scarcely more than a boy, to be its secretary; the start of a highly successful and very wide range of business and charitable interests.
I said, ‘that should ruffle a few feathers,’ but she didn't seem the least impressed.
Cash greatly impressed in defeating 25th ranked David Wheaton, and then by taking Lendl to 7–6 in the 3rd set in the final.
Liefmans plan to impress potential customers with their products at this month's Innovate 91 exhibition in London where they will have a stand in the ‘Real Ale Village’.
He impresses me enormously.
Impressed by their studiousness, we carefully counted out some coins, making sure each boy got the same amount.
Impressed by her friend's Retriever's good nature, Marjorie decided on a Labrador.
Both he and Sonya Marmeladov, in their separate areas of the novel, impress the need to accept suffering.
But there are many good things here, nevertheless -these are skillful, powerful drawings, which impress by their sure sense of rhythm.
The astounding indulgences granted Winterbotham by the regime apparently formed part of a scheme to woo ranking foreigners and through them impress their governments with Germany's mounting might.
You can try to impress the waiter as a serious customer by specifying the type of tea you want, rather than just the brew in general.
That's because we are all impressed by authoritative statements spiced with statistics.
Grand Metropolitan remained impressed by the thought that it could be Sir James Goldsmith's next target, The shares rose 6p to 604p.
I impressed on them the need to bring independence to Namibia and progress in South Africa.
He said afterwards that he and his colleagues impressed on Mr Patten their fear that the tax could be a ‘poisoned chalice’ if it was not made attractive to voters.
It impresses itself upon you subliminally.
Everyone has it impressed upon them that on the day there will be no discussion of any problem.
But what most impresses you about this phenomenal piece of theatre is less its class affiliations than its national attributes: a drama of mutinous impulses crushed by an authoritarian social system is given consummate rendering by a cast who very triumphantly unite energy and discipline.
His first posting in 1915 took him to the Toba Batak country in Northern Sumatra in time to witness the Muslim Acehnese rising against their Christian rulers; an event which made him appreciate the approaching crisis of Islam as a focus for nationalism, and impressed upon him the urgent need for Muslim-Christian accommodation.
He will be supported up front by Hamburg's Jan Furtok and the tousle-haired Roman Kosecki, a lively substitute at Wembley who, like his captain, Dariusz Wdowczyk, will be hoping to impress British talent spotters.
This, because he wants to cut a figure among the fighting lads and impress Parolles, he is forced twistedly to repress.
‘It was something that impressed a lot of people.’
This era of mild concessions to Belorussian culture impressed Belorussians amongst the diaspora abroad who continued to believe that a truly democratic system might yet emerge.
In addition the strategic significance of the railways had impressed itself on the Bolsheviks.
They and the neighbours were but mildly impressed and Maria clearly disbelieving.
What impressed me most was the support the boot gave — almost like a ski boot but with no compromise of movement or sensation of cramping.
His yielding to the edicts of Number 10 on financial policy eventually enabled the main thrust of Thatcherite innovation to show itself here, even though it was often the moderation as much as the radicalism which was to impress observers.
One of the notable features of the mid-Thatcher period was a revival of the civil liberties movement, as governmental pressures against individual right of expression impressed themselves on the public consciousness.
His appearance, that first term, failed to impress everyone as it failed to impress the Master of his college.
You now know who it is you want to impress.
I impressed him with my work on the Motors and Camel.
’ A little later Kipling presents the description of a breaking wave as a ‘banjo string drawn tight’which so impressed Eliot.
So, impressed by him, I got myself a bass guitar.
Her disenchantment with the Foreign Office, already evident over Rhodesia and the EEC, came to a head during the Falklands War and she brought in Sir Anthony Parsons (who had impressed her during the war when he was ambassador to the United Nations) to advise on foreign affairs and appointed Roger Jackling to advise on defence.
But when MacDonald saw the King again at 10.20 p.m., to report that he ‘had no alternative than to tender the resignation of the Cabinet’, the King ‘impressed on the Prime Minister that he was the only man to lead the country through this crisis and hoped he would reconsider the situation.
At the beginning, His Majesty impressed upon them that before they left the Palace some communiqué must be issued, which would no longer keep the country and the world in suspense.
Three times he had made it clear to MacDonald that he did not wish to accept his resignation — on the morning of Sunday 23 August, when he told MacDonald that he would ‘advise them  (the other two party leaders) strongly to support (him)’; at 10.20 p.m. on the evening of the same day, after the Cabinet meeting, when the King ‘impressed upon the Prime Minister that he was the only man to lead the country through this crisis and hoped that he would reconsider the situation’; and at the Buckingham Palace conference itself.
impressed upon the Prime Minister that the country had to be saved and that there should be a combination of all decent minded politicians towards this end.
It was while travelling around the world for the UN that she first became impressed with the simple forms of cosmetics made from natural ingredients used by remote communities.
‘Do you think they will grow here?’ he asked, impressed that they had come all the way from London.
Nathan was awestruck with the audacity of it all, but when he turned to tell me how impressed he was I was asleep.
On the other is the atmosphere in schools, with its contempt of anything Indian or Pakistani, which impresses on them that western dress is superior to anything Asian.
Subjectively it feels every bit as fast as its maker claims, but what really impresses is the torque.
Like the G40, it impresses with its throttle response and low-rev urge, but while the supercharged car is merely annoyingly noisy at speed, the GT brings a headache.
The Corrado also impresses in its rear passenger-space.
JA II impresses first with how tiny it looks for a car with such a monstrous reputation, second for the sheer physical intensity of the power when the Ford V8 crashes into life.
